I'm closing early tonight. I made myself some chili yesterday. It tore up my insides. It's been...heh heh...yeah, not good. 
Those dummies. Those guys are stupid dummies!
Here is an example of the music I rocked out to in the 60's. Great stuff still.
Happy birthday to Maddie tomorrow! What!? It's not her birthday? So then what's tomorrow? Oh yeah! Pay day!
OK I'll let you go take care of those girls. Also, I need to do my taxes.
The package will arrive in about 1 week. The girls are both getting bright red Easter bonnets!
Oliver's getting me some pills for apetite suppressant. But his doctor said they could possibly kill me.
Oliver thinks I'm going to die soon, but I'm not going to. I'm actually rather healthy.
Rylan. I'm getting used to it. It's fine. Yeah. It's a fine name. It's growing on me.
At 2nd glance that looks like steakm.
Your grilled salmon looks delicious.
Did a ball shooting bunny nose arrive for Fran? I forgot to ask?
I changed to a different gift. Color should be safe. 
Fran's favorite color??
Jimmer to sign 19 contract with Knicks.
Mack and Holiday to Jazz. Nothing Earth shattering.
Moving to Egypt wouldn't be too bad if you wouldn't lose your head.
My doctor played the violin in the St. George symphony orchestra.
You know my old boss Greg from Mattress Warehouse? His dad lives in Mantua. Come on! You know Mantua...
I have to go get balloons down from the ceiling.
Ty Detmer is absolutely fantastic.
They kept Ty Detmer on with the Packers for an extra 5-6 years to teach all the other quarterbacks.
Brett Favre asked Ty Detmer why he wasn't playing and Ty said "because I can't throw as far as you!" 
BYU had over 350 former players there on alumni day.
Kalani Sitake is offering scholarships to 5 star recruits. He's not going to get them, but at least he's trying!
I've been watching BYU women's softball. They can throw the ball fast!
Goll, the BYU men's baseball team is really good. They've been winning games 18-2.
Taysom Hill is the heart and soul of the team.
Was Taz Decker Andys son in St George? There is a Taz Decker working as a counselor at Renaissance Ranch for youth here in Logan.
Cool. Oliver should call on them for drugs.
Kayla killed herself? Well, you saw that one coming a mile away.
Hillary, that's not pink. It's called blush.
Had a fun night with the kiddies. They love their Bigfoot.
"Whats wrong with that woman? Pure evil. He needs to just tell her to shove it. She has no right to be doing this.
"
They are so darn cute. Skyped with Christians girls. Mads was kinda bored but Emme jabbered. Taylor is growing up so fast .
Good point. Cassies girls are shrimps.
I asked Ains Sunday if she missed her Aunt Hillary. She said, "no she go home". Guess you cant be loved or missed if you're not here.
Thats good news. You always were the best with money.
I suggested Yellow Dog. Chevy Chase didn't name his dog so went with obvious.
I'm really dizzy because my blood sugar is low, but I'll come pick up Hannah if you need me to.
Do you think those girls keep Christian's temper in check? Well, I guess Jan would, too. 
Hannah and Ains coloring together at the church nursery while Mom and Dad at Bishop
Sure wish we had a Target in Logan. I know you like it. 
I'm dieting like crazy and just signed up for the gym again. Knees aren't hurting quite as bad.
Medicare won't cover my new medication which has helped me lose 12lbs and lower blood sugar 40 points.
Wouldn't that be nice to not have to plant grass?
You could easily add an armoire to the game room and presto a bedroom
I'll start putting money back in your account to pay for taxes next go around.
That's fine if you're ward clerk, you're still in your prime. 
Quaint is the word.
Do you get to sit with the family at church or a little table on the side?
I held Rylan for 2 1/2 hours yesterday while Cassie cleaned my apartment. 
Life is good. That baby is a heart melter.
My doctor put me on Januvia last week. Once daily injection. My blood sugar has dropped 20 pts & I've lost 10 lbs in a week!
I admire your adventurous nature.
Gifts arriving from Amazon tomorrow. Just a token item each daughter in law and Hillary are getting. Just a head's up.
McKell Allred is my cousin from Fairview and also my roommate at BYU. McKell was bishop in Fairview. GREAT GUY.
Package has been left at your front door.
You should be receiving a family surprise box today. Just in time for the weekend.
Ed just called and apologized. Said its water under the bridge but to never ever do that again.
How do I find my work computers IP address? Can't scan. Printer says no computer found, computer says no printer found!
Did the girls like their Easter hats and matching purses?
Sent a dolly for Taylor and purses and hats for girls. One blue other one red.
You have slightly girly lips, too! She really does take after you.
Just emailed you link to LDS white dresses. What do you think? 
Sent email before I text you. Will try again. Resent. 
I like the siena dress better for Cassie but not available til August
Trying to send to your gmail instead of hotmail. Says it's been sent 2x to you from hotmail. What? You don't have hotmail? 
I got KC a red/white/blue cap w/ a pirate's anchor, Griffin a very expensive Jazz b-ball & Oliver some much needed underwear
You know McKell Allred my cousin is the new Star Valley temple president. He was also my BYU roommate.
Susan is coming out for the Star Valley temple opening. You know my friend Susan, right? 
I haven't called in sick in months, maybe years. But at sales meeting Friday Ed looked at me and sent me home. I was that bad. 
Mike and Jill wanted to come to the sealing but I told them "no" because Oliver hadn't invited them.
Ainslee, that's the picture you drew of Papa, isn't it? It's not? Oh, it's your hand.
My high school girlfriend Shannon posted on fb the other day. Shannon, you know, we used to double date all the time.
How's the lemon cake I bought Oliver? There was no chocolate, so I bought mint chocolate chip ice cream to go with it. 
Oliver won't get his toe lanced but I've gone through extreme pain and he calls me a wuss. Who's the wuss now? 
I'm at home, swigging as much cough syrup as possible before I meet you guys at the temple. 
Ainslee thinks that any Amazon package is a birthday present for her! What?! Tomorrow is Taylor's birthday?? Oh no. Oh no no
I've decided to take a very rare sick day
I went over to Oliver's and decided to pick up some Wendy's. Some nice little Wendy's dinner for us all to eat. 
We were eating our Wendy's dinner and Ainslee came over and told me "I wuv you, Gwandpa"
Ainslee didn't want me to leave so she took my shoes and hid them in her closet
I swear that Taylor's birthday was on the 9th! Oh yeah so even then a card wouldn't have arrived on time. 
Your house looks wonderful. Can't wait to see it at Christmas
You need to send me reminders for birthdays. You can't expect me to remember when all eight grandkids were born
I took my first sick day in probably two years last week, and that was only because Ed sent me home.
So who did you buy the house with? What? Just yourself? 
I have texted Griffin and called him all day and not once does he respond
Hey, Rylan. Is Aunt Hillary being a bad aunt and not kissing your cheeks? 
Ainslee, you like papa better than Aunt Hillary, don't you? 
Ed isnt giving discounts on furniture that he allows for mattresses with family purchases.
I'm taking a big risk sending you a song link but I really love it. Sports & Baby Spice do a great job. Try & listen all the way through.
Ainslee runs like Edith Bunker
Oliver said my chili is the best he's ever tasted.
Cassie said my peas and potatoes was the best she's ever tasted
Ok, so Fran isn't light years ahead of everyone else. Still, way smart though.
Cassie liked my dinner a lot, but in that household, Miss Ainslee has the final say.
Christian said the girls took turns drinking from his skull mug. It was a big hit!
Emme doesn't exactly get airborne on the trampoline video. I think she tossed in some dance moves along with the bunny hop
Well, don't feel bad. I regularly get ditched by that girl for Hannah. 
You should now be able to scramble eggs or heat up soup. Maybe you can store things in the fridge.
Was your new cheap silverware I sent better than using plastic?
One last package today and then I'm done. Oliver says your sofa looks nice.
Cassie chose your glassware, I liked the salt and pepper shakers
Maybe get a plastic cover for your couch like used in the Mom's house on Everybody Loves Raymond
Did Bonnie from our office call you to remind you of your furniture delivery? No? Shame on her. They always call. 
What approximate south is Griffin's house?
Try this jalapeno ranch dip!
I'll just sleep on the way home
Yesterday was a good day. BYU won and Utah lost!
BYU lost by 3 points last night.
BYU has a bunch of ball hogs on their team.
Dave Rose said last night's game was the most selfish basketball he's ever seen.
I record all my own radio ads!
They say that radio ads only reach 2% of your audience.
I've tried advertising online before. We got no response at all.
People in Logan are behind the times. They don't look for mattresses online.
I tell people I have my Black Friday pricing all week long.
People keep asking me if I have any cheap twin beds. I tell them we don't make any money on twin beds.
People are suckers for Black Friday! We still get over a 40% profit margin on our "sales". 
This year at the store people just lined up for a free pillow and then left. 
I've once had 5-6 customers in the store at the same time!
Will anybody be offended if I test my blood?
Hillary, next time you're up in Logan you should bring your workout clothes and I'll take you to the gym.
Cassie and I go shopping for vegetables all the time.
Oliver has taken 3 days off and worked for 11 hours each day putting up Christmas lights and he's still not done.
Oliver rigged up some PVC pipe to string up Christmas lights on his tree.
Look at this video of Christian's girls singing me happy birthday!
Did you see the picture of Christian's girls trimming the tree??
I spoke to Terry the other day about the time he had to kill his turkey.
I was going to make my dressing but nobody likes it.
Hillary, can I use your bathroom or should I wait until I get to Griffin's house?
You think Quin Snyder is in trouble?
Have you been watching Jimmer in China?
Show me a piano falling down a mine shaft and I'll show you A-flat miner.
A new type of brrom came out. It's sweeping the nation!
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
The one who invented the door knocker go ta No-bell prize.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something...
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down...
Your jokes are wonderfully terrible!
Can I buy your joke book from you?
Jimmer's stats are ridiculous!
On the season through 8 games, Jimmer has 7 wins and 1 loss.
As much as Jimmer would like a real NBA chance, it has to be fun being the star of the league in China.
You can watch Jimmer on YouTube.
I was watching Jimmer's 31 points from yesterday. He gets more points from layups than 3's.
There was a funny giant blow up shark hanging from rafters in center court at Jimmer's game.
The fans love Jimmer.
There were some NBA scouts at Jimmer's game in China the other day.
Jimmer makes the most amazing driving layups.
I just emailed you a link to Jimmer's 51 points.
Jimmer's only averaging 37 points per game in China. Not the best defense against him but man can he shoot.
Hillary recommended a movie on Netflix. Sing Street. It's the best I've seen in years.
Birthday card and separate gift arriving next week for Frances. Gift will need AA batteries.
I don't want to get on your bad side.
Oj.jugol.
Tried to call last night. Sweet little Roxy died yesterday.
Ainslee keps waking up all night screaming "Roxy dead!"
Got closed up Ed God day.
They misawdf by 1 point stupid coach wat a dfyg call.
Just wanted to now if yiu watched BYU last game.
Did yiu catch any of te BYU penis missed by 1 point?
Woops. Sekf correct spell and was meant for Oliver to hrip move a couple beds around.
Just a shrub dive Skype.
I need help poring hkmj next time you come to here.
As the old farmer once said, stop it you're herding me.
I'll have to share that one joke with my old high school friends.
Don't drink the water in Mexico.
Where are you going? No one tells me anything. Cruise or destination?
Jimmer's Chinese debut in win was 31 points on 5 three pointers.
I feel bad for Ty Detmer. I'm afraid the game has passed him by.
BYU has the worst offensive line ever.
Would it be possible to have Hillary's sofa and new bed set delivered to your garage tomorrow?
I'm going to bed early.
That was an ugly, ugly BYU game.
Dave Rose tore into his team last night.
BYU's got a big man who can do everything.
Taysom Hill and Ty Detmer both stunk.
Worst reffing I have ever seen. Really bad. Even the pro-PAC 12 announcers agreed.
I have had a tough week fighting a virus.
Big game in 1 hour. Will you be watching?
Did you check out the slam dunk video?
You won't believe the video I linked for you on email. Amazing!
Looks like you found a cute chubby and very happy baby.
The cousins are so cute together.
Katie's just as bad as her dad (Karl).
Just cleaning up then heading to Oliver's.
I just put it on my credit card.
Did Hillary get the pillow to you?
I got your pillow back in stock and Hillary is in town. Will send you 1 back with her tonight.
Jimmer's going ot China. Not the NBA, but a chance to see the world and score at will. Beats sitting at the end of the bench.
Word is Hayward doesn't want to re-sign with the Jazz.
Hayward wants to play for his old coach.
After watching Jimmer in summer league, the GM for Denver said there's no room for him on their roster.
Denver's GM said that Jimmer has earned a spot on an NBA club.
Denver's GM said that Jimmer is one of the very best shooters in the world. Yes, the world.
Jimmer plays excellent off-ball defense.
They say that Jimmer is the perfect teammate.
I sure hope Jimmer lands a spot somewhere. Really wish Boston.
See? I'm a sleep expert.
Frances is born to swim. Ainslee on the other hand hates getting wet or cold.
The video sounds like Fran is having a good time.
I'd love to see you, but I'm also home from work today with a pretty bad stomach bug. Don't want to get you sick.
Looks like you're having fun.
Be safe and for sure get a raspberry milk shake while you're up there. Garden City is famous for raspberries.
I'm home today sick with a stomach flu,  but hopefully back to work tomorrow.
I think the Jazz should start tanking right now.
David West to Warriors for 1 year. They will be unbeatable.
I don't like these insane NBA contracts.
Durant and Warriors really catching it from press and public. Quite upset with him and team trying to buy a championship.
This is why small market teams need to trade best players a year before losing them.
Jazz could package Hayward for picks.
$1.5 billion payroll for the NBA.
I like Johnson. Very streaky shooter but can take over a game in small chunks.
The Jazz are a losing franchise now.
Good players don't want to come to the Jazz. They want more money and the playoffs.
The Celtics are meeting tongith with Al Horford to offer a max contract.
Google Rick Barry.
Oliver is at a convention in Chicago.
I think the Jazz are mired in mediocrity.
It seems the way to go is dive and strive to be mediocre.
I don't like Dennis Lindsay at all.
The Jazz will never try.
Thank you. And thanks to Beth and Fran too.
So proud of Fran. Is there anything she can't do well?
Spectacular Father's Day gift being delivered to your doorstep today.
Did Fran get her graduation gift?
Sometimes LeBron and Irving don't include others.
Small gift on the way. Arriving by 11th...hopefully.
Congrats to Fran on graduating from pre school. Now on to the big time.
The Celtics said Ainge is the best President in the NBA.
The Jazz will never reach out and initiate a trade.
If Cleveland loses series, I tihnk LeBron goes back to Miami and ownership breaks up team.
Just a suggestion, grab your sister and run over to South Towne mall.
Your cousins Jesse and Jennifer are having the grand opening of their store, The Sock Annex.
Good man. I never douted you.
Hornacek new Knicks coach. Maybe he would play Jimmer.
I think Jimmer winds up going to Europe.
USA today mock draft has Jazz taking Wade Baldwin from Vanderbilt. I like a sleeper from Turkey. Furkan Korkmaz.
ESPN said he is Jimmeresque in his no fear of any shot and knowing he is going to make it.
Of course lightning struck with Malone and Stockton.
I think we are doomed to mediocrity.
Hayward is pretty consistent, but can't carry a team.
The Jazz have no one who is consistent.
Jazz just have to make a copule bold moves or the past 5 years will be wasted.
Did Beth get her gift?
Mike Conley wants to be traded. I think he would be good for the Jazz.
Your grilled salmon looks delicious.
At 2nd glance, that looks like steak.
Did a ball-shooting bunny nose arrive for Fran? I forgot to ask?
FRANS FAVORITE COLOR?
Jimmer to sign 19 contract with Knicks.
Happy Birthday in a few hours.
Mack and Holiday to Jazz. Nothing Earth shattering.
Jimmer had a great weekend.
Brent Barry and Isiah Thomas were on the broadcast and said Jimmer was easily the best player on the floor.
Thank you so much for helping with kids.
Your birthday card should have arrived by today.
Just mailed your birthday card. Give it to Beth to control when you open it.
Finally got new glasses. So did Ainslee.
Jimmer's field goal percentage last 9 games: 65%
I can buy a 22ft rv trailer and have a payment around $250.
It's killing me that I can't save!
I told Oliver about my idea and he hit the fan. Said I was stupid to consider living in a trailer.
Am I stupid?
Last Thanksgiving when I got here, Beth's sisters were already on the floor reading the newspaper.
I'm going to see if Medicare can pay for knee replacement surgery.
Max looks so distinguished with his white beard.
Max is such a cute dog.
"Employee pricing" is such a crock! 
They're now adding background music to my radio ads. They start with a lady going "aaahhhhh!"
Do you guys want some tupperware?
My knees are so bad.
I'm supposed to keep the store open till 3 on Christmas Eve. But I'm leaving the sign up that says we close at 2.
A whole lot of people are buying mattresses this year. I'm calling it 'The Trump Effect.'
Oliver invited me over for dinner tonight. I'm bringing the ham, rolls, potatoes, and drinks. 
I recommend watching 'A Sesame Street Christmas' tonight. That's my reccomendation. 
Oh interesting. Ok. Uh huh. Ok well I'm in the middle of my sales meeting with my boss. Probably shouldn't have answered. 
Hillary called and screamed at me for buying her $20 worth of towels. 
There's a bunch of people waiting for me to open the store. They better not want twin mattresses! The whole town's out! 
I can't watch my favorite HGTV show anymore. That Christina on Flip or Flop is a total slut. Makes me sick. 
That's 3 movies in a row you have recommended that are thumbs way up!
John Kra????ski was very good. 
Your dryer in your house helps free up your time. It can warm your shirt, too. 
That Emme is a showstopper.
I would kill for a large bowl of Nancy Whitney's homemade chicken noodle soup
And then Ainslee chimed in, "at Famers' only dotm com." IT WAS SO CUTE!!!!!!!!
I wonder how KC's eyes are doing today. I don't want to text him  because I don't want to force him to read. 
Well, Christian and Griffin each have a poster child of their own.
I thought about KC several times today and even used some Visine in my eyes in his honor. 
Derrick Favors is only 25, but seems like an old man.
Exum and Neto better be wirking hard.
If Hayward goes, the Jazz will really need a shooter.
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says why the long face? The horse replies well, I'm an alcoholic and I'm losing my family."
It's easier now for Hayward to leave for Boston. Who can blame him.
Just read an article stating Hayward is Boston's #1 priority this year.
Mother's day gift for Beth should be delivered today.
I'm sick of George Hill. What a woos.
I never read my text messages. More fun to take that leap of faith.
Hooray not hoorsy.
I also predict Hayward is gone.
Fran is the sweetest girl ever. So loving. I like your new pooch too.
You sure have a cute little dog. Are the other dogs jealous?
Happy St Paddys.....
It's like the Jazz are satisfied with mediocrity.
I'm worried the game has passed up Ty Detmer.
BYU is still 2 or 3 years away from having a deep quality offensive and defensive line. Really ugly football.
Independence is killing BYU.
BYU has an immobile quarterback.
Frances will enjoy choosing a cast color.
The kids all had fun playing softball and we each wrote verses to a Christmas song.
I'm in room 225. Oliver should be here soon.
I have given up trying to talk with Oliver about attending the reunion Saturday.
My favorite cousin and close friend Toni Hoopes Peterson died this morning of a brain aneurysm.
Just si cuye Olivers house boy those cranes oug his are sure are cute.
I've been reading a book about glue. I couldn't put it down.
PJ is feeling all alone with everyone gone.
I would love Melo to Houston. He would destroy that team.
Here now. Actually 7th north. I'm inside seated. Walk in to your right.
Gordon Hayward is now the enemy.
If Hayward goes to Boston, that's a slap in the face.
Thank you Fran for my Super Grandpa drawing. I love it.
Shannon was in a coma earlier this year. Everyone went to the hospital to say goodbye!
Shannon is in a wheelchair.
I asked the guys plowing my driveway if they could brush off my satellite dish.
Are you able to clean off your satellite dish?
It's a good thing I have Netflix.
Jimmer scored 39 points in the Chinese All Star game.
I saw Donovan Mitchell cross a guy over and I thought, I've seen that move a thousand times from Jimmer!
I haven't seen Oliver for 3 weeks.
Did you guys get the flu?
Aunt Luana made me about 30 meals and put them in the freezer.
I'm not leaving my house today.
Oh no! The lightbulb in my bathroom just burned out. Well, I guess I'll have to stumble around in the dark because I'm not going out in the snow.
Hayden would probably like pro wrestling.
I didn't want to go over to Oliver's house because I was afraid I'd get the flu.
It snowed 18 inches up here.
Maybe I could make something out of PVC pipe to clean off my satellite dish.
I could throw a nerf football at my satellite dish to clean it off.
-30 in Star Valley today makes our 21 degrees seem like spring.
A salesman at the main store said his dog got skunk sprayed. They bathed him in everything imaginable but couldn't get it off him!
Adorable. She's 1/2 Maddie and 1/2 Emme. What a dolly.
Adults want hamburgers. Kids hot dogs.
After Cassie and I finish working out, we go to the massage room!
Ain't No Mountain High Enough is the best song ever written.
Ainslee beat her rocking horse with a plastic hanger last night because she was mad at Cassie.
Ainslee cried when I stopped singing Santa Baby.
Ainslee doesn't want me to hold her when she's sick. She's a trained mama's girl when it comes to that.
Ainslee is one magical little girl.
Ainslee loves me, you know.
Ainslee said "I love you, Grandpa." and counted to three. Of course it was all in Ainslee speak and gibberish, but I understood.
Ainslee saw the smoke machine and would say "moshe! moshe!" 
Ainslee thinks she's a dog like Gage! Just like a dog! Well not really, but yeah.
Ainslee took my desk calculator and pretended to take a selfie.
Ainslee was afraid of the smoke machine.
Ainslee will crawl to me first before she crawls to Oliver.
Ainslee would go over to the door with Oliver to pass out candy.
Ainslee, can you say dickhead?
Ainsley said "Pompa, go snow, it cold!" I said no way, so she said, "OK, then go."
All of my sisters have called to tell me what a good boy you are. 
All the McMurdies came into my store! I let them all try the $10,000 bed! 
Always really liked Danny. Woke up stupid one day and thought he'd fit in better socially if he left the church.
Amber has to lock herself in her room so her boyfriend doesn't beat up on her.
An old guy had a red wagon and saw my blue one and said 'ever think we'd be playing with wagons at our age?!"
Andy told Oliver that he can't let a 'pervert grandpa' live in the same house with the kids.
Apparently you don't have to bleed drops of blood onto your test strips. You just touch them.
Are the girls getting excited to move to Kentucky? Ha! They probably have no idea what's going on.
Are you baking any pies? You don't like pies? You always liked pies! You never liked pies? 
Are you going to watch the Jazz game for your anniversary?
Are you heading home soon?
Are you medium or large for jackets sweaters etc.?
Are you moved in? Sorry I couldn't come help. My back wouldn't have lasted anyway...
Are you SURE you don't want to see pictures of my colon?
Are you working today?
Ask Katie which park we used for Mattress Warehouse summer party that was centrally located.
At the reunion, Oliver saved the day with huge water slides.
Aunt Heidi called me and said, "now Emme, that is one girl I HAVE to meet."
Back from hospital and recovering. 14 polyps removed.
Basically "Pie in the Face" is like Russian Roulette. Except you don't die. 
Beautiful clean apartment and my new Christmas tree all put up and decorated. I couldn't have done it without them.
Been on phone with social security. Will pay me this month then $237 a month till debt paid. I can live with that.
Being a diabetic has changed my eyesight. This week, I changed to being nearsighted. Never happened before.
Ben and Mikel said they'd handle kid games at the reunion. Mikel his wife. Not Michael the crazy kid.
Best rendition of Armies of Helamen, ever.
Beth played violin. So that was pretty neat.
Beth's back was hurt. I begged to know why. She reluctantly said it was because of the bed I gave them. It's falling apart. 
Bethany, what was the best and worst white elephant gift you've ever given and received?
Black Friday is the biggest mattress sale day of the year!
Boss called me in this morning. Gave me my store back! I was afraid they were letting me go.
Boss pulled me in yesterday and gave me back the store full time. Good, I need the extra income.
Brian Regan on Comedy Central tonight at 7.
Brian Regan on TV Saturday. 
Bronco just announced as new head coach of Virginia. It was probably time to leave.
By the way, do you need a new mattress?
BYU's all American nose tackle damaged his knee and is out for 8 weeks.
Can you b r live Christi a nd home? Double ovens too. That's a f a nt as of mine.
Can you build a father in law house behind your new house?
Can you set the alarm on my phone to go off at 7:30 on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday? Name the alarm 'work.'
Can you translate for me what Emme was saying? Oh Michael had a 45 minute seizure. OK now but terrifying for Shannon.
Cassie and Ainslee dropped me off at the hospital. Ainslee was napping but woke up and said, "oh, pompa, hi."
Cassie and I both have memberships to 24 hour fitness.
Cassie and I went to see American Sniper last week. Goll, that guy is an American hero.
Cassie got me all settled in my recliner and told me what food to eat and what medications to take.
Cassie has been taking good care of me. She has some chicken noodle soup waiting for me at home.
Cassie is a life saver.
Cassie is just a raging pile of hormones with this pregnancy. Steer clear of her!
Cassie just told me Ains has been climbing up on the dining chairs lately so mommy has been telling her to be careful. LOTS!
Cassie LOVES to clean!
Cassie quit working at Ross.
Cassie said Oliver had a bad day.
Cassie thinks I made a fun choice.
Cassie's Dad Randy came over yesterday to take dogs for a walk.
Cassie's mom, Julie is always nice to me.
Check out the video I emailed you.
Check out this young girl band. Very talented.
Check with Jan on that pajama game guy, though. He might have been senile.
Christian sure is a good boy.
Christian wishes he could have helped you move.
Christian would like to skype with you sometime.
Christian's company is going to fly him back 2 times a week until January!
Danny is a really stupid kid and his wife is even worse. Has about killed Shannon.
Did you ever find out why Fran didn't want to be disturbed?
Did you get the selfies I sent? 
Did you hear there's a new broom out? It's sweeping the nation.
Did you hear what Donald Trump said the other day? He sure speaks his mind. But he's a dummy.
Did you hear what Emme said? Jan asked her who Eyeore was and she said "Poopy the Poo's Fwend."
Did you hear where Terry's been living? He sleeps in an abondoned warehouse in a sleeping bag in the corner.
Did you know the minions mostly speak Spanish? It's gibberish and Spanish.
Did you read Oliver's church talk? Real heart felt.
Did you see Flip Saunders died? Good guy. That's sad. I go in for my colonoscopy tomorrow at noon.
Did you see my text? I'm really sick. Fever b and hills all night. Checking in with my boss to take a sick day.
Dish network has been out for 3 days at my apartment. I don't know what I'd do without Netflix.
Do I need to fly Hillary out to see you?
Do you ever watch The Blacklist? James Spader is the best actor on TV.
Do you get sore back hip or shoulders?
Do you know what I'm so grateful for?..... Hulu.
Do you like my new shoes from Shoe Carnival?
Do you remember the guy who played for Dixie College? Shot 3 pointers real well...
Do you think I watch too many home buying and renovation shows?
Do your girls want Operation or Hungry Hungry Hippos?
Does your arm ever fall asleep while laying on your side?
Don't worry if I guessed your baby name. The important thing is that she be born healthy.
Donny Osmond's nephews have a singing group. They call themselves "The Osmond Boys."
Double ovens wow. What more could you ask for?
Elder Packer died. Wasn't unexpected. 2 big holes to fill at October's conference.
Emme is such a cute goofball!
Emme's beautiful face and twinkling eyes are magical. I love it.
Even Quin Snyder is starting to make excuses.
Every Monday night I get myself Chick-Fil-A chicken noodle soup.
Everything will be fine. This will be a story you can tell your new baby angel about the day she was born.
For a limited time Burger King has a Halloween whopper with a black bun. Looks right up your alley.
Fran didn't give a crap about the Easter stickers I sent her. But she did say, "thank you, grandpa."
Fran is my November girl, so I thought a turkey outfit would be fall and Thanksgiving.
Fran should have received some Easter stickers yesterday. Nothing major.
Fran's package may arrive. It shipped already.
Frances had a Michael Jackson themed party! She was dancing just like Michael Jackson...more or less.
Funds will be limited next few weeks. Hope Oliver pays his own car and vet bills.
Get a Clark Griswold tree.
Getting lap band surgery will add another 10, 15 years on my life.
Glad you had your thinking cap on today!
Gobert out. Sprained knee. That may make the Jazz a lottery team again and maybe pretty high in the lottery.
Goll that's a pretty Christmas tree.
Good for you. Gift in bigger box I ordered from Japan. Hope you like it. Ok if you don't.
Good thing Fran slid into a bush and not a brick wall!
Gosh I had forgotten what a great song Sowing the Seeds of Love is. Tears for Fears. Their tribute to the Beatles.
Griff and Beth are gonna wait in line on Black Friday to get selfie sticks! Sure wish I had one.
Griff and Beth say that selfie sticks are the main gift this season.
Griffin came up here, spent some time with me, then offered to buy me dinner. What a great kid.
Griffin sure is an outstanding parent.
Griffin, Stick to software writing.
Hannah and Hayden eat SO much candy. That's all they eat.
Hannah asked me why girls liked to shop. Funny girl.
Hannah left the movie theatre through the alley exit to use the bathroom. It was the wrong exit! 
Have Taylor watch the GOP debate. That will put her to sleep.
Have you heard Mary Did You Know by Ceelo Green? Talk about incredible.
Have you seen the commercials for the Halloween whoppers from Burger King?
Hayden and Hannah told me they wanted to go trick or treating with their friends. And I'm ok with that.
Hayden and I are best buddies, but when he's mad he turns into a baby and won't talk to me.
Hayden and I watched Hannah leave through the wrong exit at the movie theatre. But we decided to stay put.
Hayden has the most perfect nose I've ever seen.
Hayden is EXACTLY like his dad. He will always go to the highest bidder.
Hayden's loyalty can be bought.
Heading home now to medicate and vegetate.
Headline... Kevin Nash pro wrestler arrested following fight with son.
Here are photos from Jon's prime rib dinner.
Here's my new phone. I don't know how to use the thing.
Hey your quick link to other bloggers is no longer on your side tab on your blog. Please reinstate. Only way I can reach Hillary's blog.
Hi, just checking in. 
Hillary gave me a pack of cards and stamps. Very thoughtful. Fran drew my picture and signed it. Fun.
Hillary had to bring Hayden and Hannah all the way up to Logan. She didn't seem too happy about that. 
Hillary really embarrassed me at the reunion this year.
Hope you enjoy it. Robert Downey Jr and John Start of Sting. Driven to Tears....I love it. 
How are you holding up? Wish I could help, but not in the health cards.
How was the spook alley with Oliver?
How's my father in law house coming along?
How's the new job? Well miracles do happen. I got a check Monday for $7,500 from Worker's Comp. FINAL settlement.
How's your job? Ok, well I'm home now so I gotta go.
I agree with you about decorating your house. People have come to expect a Christmas treat from you.
I already gave notice at my apartment. Might have to live at the mattress store for a while.
I am taking my prep medicine and water fast 36 hours for a colonoscopy noon tomorrow.
I ask Hannah to take pictures and all I get are stupid movies that do me no good.
I asked Oliver if I could move in with him and he said "No, mom is moving in with me instead."
I asked the doctor if the shots in my knees would hurt. He said "not as much as they hurt right now!"
I begged my doctor not to report my torn rotator cuff but he said "Sorry, pal, that's the law!"
I bet people will want to be going to concerts with me now that I have my handicap parking sticker.
I bought Hannah & Hayden some gardening tools to last them all spring. They planted a garden in 10 minutes and then played video games.
I bought these from my favorite website, Sparkle and Pink dot com.
I bought two pillows for Hillary because her pillows are rotten.
I bought you a gift card for a black Whopper so you could have a little taste of Halloween
I can eat unlimited cheese.
I can get a 2012 Ford Fusion with a rebuilt title for only $10,500 dollars!
I can take $300 off a mattress or give you a bed in a bag.
I can't open Kristen's event calendar. Is there a birthday upcoming I'm missing?
I changed my car battery today at Oliver's. Went in and washed my hands at kitchen sink.
I could be a genius. I'm not sure.
I could feel some burning inside.
I could have all family reunion attendees place orders.
I dated so many women after my second divorce who were just... damaged.
I don't care if people think my blue wagon isn't cool. I love it!
I don't feel all that good about Oliver's chances in court. Guess he has to try.
I don't hold grudges!
I don't think Maddie has ever had a bad day in her life. She's always so cheery and full of love.
I feel bad for Oliver's weenie dogs. Cassie keeps them locked up all day and lets Gage roam free.
I found out Jesse's wedding is at 11:45. Do you want to do lunch earlier around 12ish?
I get Tuesdays off now.
I go through about 10 diabetic test strips every time I test my blood.
I got Oliver a unicorn head mask...because he's so into unicorns. He hasn't even thanked me for it.
I got some new shoes and Hayden told me they're a little feminine.
I got you an infomercial present!
I got your gift. I'm taking the hint and will start sending out cards. Great job. 
I got your kids a book called Dragons Love Tacos. It seemed quirky like you.
I had a 45-minute conversation with Hillary yesterday...best conversation I've had with her in 20 years.
I had an ad that said 'free turkey for the first 10 customers.' 10 people lined up, took the turkeys, then left.
I have 5 chapters written for a book I've been writing for 20 years.
I have a cousin named Vandie. Getting close on baby name?
I have absolutely zero desire to tromp through the freezing snow.
I have my MRI next Wednesday in Layton. There is an open top machine there for folks like me with phobias.
I have no idea who they will go after to replace Bronco. BYU doesn't pay enough.
I have people every day come in for a mattress wanting to spend $150 but wanting the $1000 quality.
I have surgery in the morning. Will have Oliver text when I'm out.
I have taken hydrocodone the last 2 days at noon instead of my A1C meds. Whoops. Sure felt good the last 2 days though...
I have the pumpkin pie and ready to roll but worried about projected snow storm.
I hope Fran's Thanksgiving outfit fits.
I hope Jimmer gets solid minutes to get his confidence back.
I just got my insurance settlement. $7,571. Miracles really do happen.
I just want Jimmer to get steady rotation minutes. He can't perform without. He'll always be pressing.
I know my son well so I sent him a gift card to Burger King for his birthday.
I know you can't talk on the phone at work but really quick, I'm watching a James Cagney western on Netflix.
I like Darren - he has a kooky personality!
I like South Carolina but have always liked Kentucky for its horses and bluegrass. Exciting!
I love this time of year and the Hallmark channel.
I mailed you something. Nothing big - just a little something mostly because your baby's Daddy loves Halloween.
I need a casket. I'm so sick. Can't eat or drink.
I need an eye exam big time. Medicare covers exam so maybe next week.
I need my mommy. Puked 5 times so far at home and twice at store.
I need to do some tiny thing for them. No big deal.
I need to get you your bed. I've already sold four more just like it since purchasing yours.
I once gave a pair of my old boots with manure on them as a white elphant gift and the guy who got them LOVED them!
I put Emme's birthday card in the mail today. I feel like a cheapskate sending cards. 
I really don't feel safe driving wet roads. Sorry. Hopefully next week is dryer.
I saw surgeon yesterday and I need 6 more weeks of physical therapy before he will release me. Oh well.
I sent you a picture of my sisters dressing up since your girls also like to dress up!
I spent Halloween over at Oliver's house with Cassie and her mom Julie.
I steer clear from buying any clothes for the kids except Ainslee. But my Christmas jammies to the girls were a total hit, huh?
I still can't believe Christian is a good dad. With that temper he had as a teenager, I never would have thought.
I still say Jimmer can play in the NBA.
I stress out a lot.
I take 800-1200mg of advil a day.
I texted Griffin about Brian Regan concert tonight at 7. Haven't heard back.
I think I should work part time so I can get more social security money.
I think Oliver's baby name will be "Kevan Jr."
I think the baby's name is Yancy. Don't tell me if I got it right.
I thought Jimmer had a training camp guarantee? It's actually a half year guarantee.
I told all the nurses and the doctor that you treat me better than my own daughter.
I told Griff he was very nice at the party. He said, "That's because I'm rather congenial."
I told my boss I was the advertising manager at the Daily Spectrum for years.
I told Oliver I didn't know what my Google password was. We tried to reset it for a half hour. But then I remembered!
I told Oliver I won't have anywhere to go for Thanksgiving if I couldn't make it to Griffin's. He said "worse things have happened to you."
I told people they can get black Friday pricing 3 weeks early at my store.
I took the kids to the movie "Home" today. The second half after I woke up from my nap was pretty good.
I tried reading the paper but got too dizzy.
I try to say hi to Ainslee and she just puts her hand over my mouth and says "SSSSSSHHHHHHHHH."
I turned the store lights off last night and accidentally tripped on a rug and fell down hitting my left shoulder on the floor.
I used to have a savings account, then Oliver happened.
I visited my doctor today and he told me I was the best patient he's ever had.
I walk into Oliver's house and Ainslee yells "pompa! pompa!" Then shows me around then points to the door and says "GO!"
I wanted to see Griffrany but they are NOT fans of the pop in visit.
I was awake for the whole procedure due to my sleep apnea. I could feel the entire thing. The. Entire. Thing.
I was going to have Richard Dreyfuss play me in a movie.
I was gonna go to work tomorrow, but I'm starting to feel a little burning. So I'll just go in Wednesday.
I was just listening to a nice football game on the radio. Lions vs. Jets. They say Ziggy Ansah is an All-Pro.
I was pretty stoked when I found your present online.
I was trying to carry 1 bottle of meds for convenience at work. Never again.
I went in for my 6 months checkup today and the doctor says my diabetes is almost completely gone!
I went to the doctor this morning for x-rays. I have a torn rotator. Arm is in sling.
I wish I lived in an apartment complex that honored me as a senior.
I wore some new shoes yesterday and showed them to Hayden. He said "they're kinda feminine."
I would have watched a Nicholas Cage movie instead, but nothing on.
I would love to come to your baby blessing if not for my crippling fear of flying. Absolutely crippling. 
I would love to fly to see you but if I think of flying, I just about pass out. I shake. It's bad.
I would never change my Google password ever. Oh wait, I know what I changed it to. 
I would say we make sloppy joes and salads. Easy to make AND serve.
I wrote 3 new radio ads and my boss said "You're a genius!"
I wrote all the ads for Anderson Lumber while I was there.
I'd rather have light snow than ice.
I'll be here at Oliver's. Front door unlocked so just come in if I'm asleep. Barking dogs will wake me up.
I'm at Sweet Tomato by Target.
I'm blowing up balloons for the big 6 hour sale tomorrow.
I'm exhausted - I sold a twin bed today. AND a futon.
I'm feeling a tiny bit better but still struggle even standing up.
I'm getting Griff and Beth a deluxe bed that costs $2479...for only $391! They're splitting the cost with me.
I'm getting Oliver a Clark Griswold hockey jersey for Christmas.
I'm glad Hayden and Hannah went trick or treating on their own. I couldn't be out hoofing it around the neighborhood with them.
I'm glad I don't have colon cancer but man it's awful how expensive the procedure is.
I'm gladly here working full time back in charge.
I'm going to see if Rex will work tomorrow. I can't be working if I'm bleeding.
I'm going to stop by a car lot on the way down that sells branded titles. 
I'm gonna take another painkiller and go to bed!
I'm here decorating my Christmas tree. You wouldn't believe it! It's 7 feet tall and about 3.5 or 4 feet wide.
I'm home. Someone please come shoot me.
I'm just here decorating my Christmas tree silver and blue.. Oh yeah.. I guess those are just BYU colors.
I'm listening to the Jazz game at work. Don't get it on my Dish program.
I'm listening to the Jazz/Pelicans game. Jimmer isn't even playing.
I'm not older. Just better.
I'm preparing for the worst. Labor Day is the biggest mattress sale day of the year!
I'm probably just going to renew my lease at my apartment. We all know it's not going to be cheaper for me to live with Oliver.
I'm proud of Cassie for being so brave.
I'm shaking with cold even looking at these photos. Get that girl inside with some hot cocoa!
I'm waiting to see how much it costs to remove my polyps and then if I have enough leftover I'm getting lap band surgery.
I'm watching Oliver's dogs so i have company.
I've got it. You're naming your baby Unis.
I've got to go. This is too much information to digest.
I've looked at the price of a train ticket to come see you. It's 32 hours but it's a bigger seat.
I've lost 23 lbs in the last 6 weeks.
I've lost 46lbs but my knees and back don't feel any better. I just have bad knees and a bad back.
I've paid my car down to about $1,800. 
I've taken calls about my birthday all day long. I'm exhausted!
If I won an Xbox I'd sell it or use it to access Hulu etc. Bluray doesn't let me access BYUtv.org
If my eyes worked a little better, I'd feel safer.
If Niagara Falls is still multi colored in the morning then you have a news scoop.
If the dial in Pie in the Face gets to your face, it might fling the pie at you! Then you get a face full of shaving cream!
If the Japanese coat was too small, give it to Uncle Doug. He is smaller and went to Japan on mission.
If you arrive a little early we can use help setting up and filling water balloons.
If you get lost in Canada, you can just ask them which direction it is to a hockey rink!
If you get prostate surgery you become incontenant for the rest of your life.
If you hadn't heard, I'm really sick.
In "Pie in the Face," you fill a pie tin with shaving cream. Then you put your face in a circle and turn a button.
In your honor I'm watching The Karate Kid on the Sundance Channel.
Infection of the prostate gland. Common among men my age. Dr. visit & meds are using up all the $300. Bummer.
Is "Oh Boy" a name? Terrible. Should be "Hey Boy." Paladin TV reference.
Is it a mani - pedicure?
It sure would be funny to have an apostle named "Bronco," huh?
It's actually a pretty good song! Annoying though. Yeah, I can see that. 
It's such a shame you guys can't be here in Utah... to see how great Ainslee is.
It's time for Jimmer to put up or shut up.
It's too bad Larry David is an ultraliberal. He sure is funny!
It's too bad Larry David is so profane because he's a comedic genius
Jan sure is a supportive girl.
Jan told me that I'm a great gift giver for Christian.
Jimmer does a 100 3 point shot routine several times a day and is averaging 84 to 87 makes.
Jimmer is getting 20 plus minutes a game.
Jimmer is still a draw and legend in New York.
Jimmer with 13 at halftime. 3 assists.
Jimmer's coach said he played a very cerebral game with good intensity and solid defense.
Jimmer's coach says he's playing good defense and running the point well. Hope it lasts.
Jimmer's line last night: 22 points, 8 rebounds, and 9 assists.
Just checking in. Haven't visited for a while. My shoulder is improving but will still wear sling for several more weeks or months.
Just emailed you a link to great song on YouTube. I had no idea Robert Downey Jr. could sing.
Just got the singing video from SC girls. So adorably sweet.
Just like Barney Fife said, "You've got ta nip it in the bud!"
Just listened to Emmes song. Wiping away tears now. 
Just put a handful of spinach, a banana, strawberries, flax, and an oragne. Flax has great fiber in it, you know?
Just returned from MRI. Or should I say TORTURE CHAMBER.
Just saying hi. Kristen is taking good care of me.
Just take a look at the pics of my colon.
Karl went all out and printed his ad on glossy paper.
KC is pretty easy to read.
Kentucky could probably beat several NBA teams. Tall long quick everything.
Kris wants an update for the newsletter. Thought I'd list my assortment of diseases and injuries.
Last year we had the sibling dinner at Zippy's.. Zappy's? Zupas.
Leonard Nimoy died. Guess he felt the Wrath of Kahn.
Let me see the ad Karl printed. He's probably using the same one he's done for the last 4 years...
Look what my thoughtful kids did for me today. 
Looking forward to coming but not dying on bad roads. Is that ok with you?
Looks like you made it home safely. I really enjoed your updates with photos.
Lots of traffic.
Loved seeing Fran sing 'old ball game'.
Luana posted a message on Facebook that she was looking for some all natural healthy ex lax
Maddie asked me if I'm the one with a crooked walk.
Mads is the leader and both kept Taylor propped up. So cute.
Many family reunion attendees won't eat hot dogs.
Martin Luther King Jr Day is the biggest mattress sale day of the year!
Maybe with my settlement money I can get lap band surgery...
Medicare will buy me some diabetic shoes for $150.
Memorial Day is the biggest mattress sale day of the year!
Moss you guys so poo much. Soon ooh not poo.
Most guys over age 65 who had prostate surgery have to retire so they can be by the bathroom all the time.
Moving sucks. I'm staying where I am and spending more on rent to avoid moving. 
MRI sometime this week. Arm in sling & I take 3 lortab daily. Should get large check to help pay taxes. How are all of you?
My apartment's completely mislead me. It's about 80% college students and no old people.
My blood glucose level went from 402 to 191.
My blood sugar is between 93 and 119!
My boss has been checking in on me to see if he can help.
My boss is such a penny pincher! He's not gonna be happy I tore my rotator cuff at work!
My car battery died so I jumped it, drove over to Walmart, & kept my car running in the parking lot while I went in to buy a new one.
My Christmas tree is in Oliver's garage. A lot of good that's doing me...
My company party is Monday. We are drawing for 3 gifts. Kindle Fire, X box 360 and 50" tv. Pretty generous boss.
My doctor said he expects me to lose another 10lbs in 6 months.
My doctor says I need to stay 4 to 5 days at home flat on my back.
My doctor told me he was authorized to give me shots in my knees if I wanted them. 
My doctor told me my blood sugar's so good to just take the month off before seeing my diabetes counselor.
My family said that "American Pie" was the highlight of the reunion despite Hillary hating it.
My insides are on FIRE. Sure glad I can take tomorrow off.
My internist just said that my diabetes is pretty much cured.
My knees hurt because my back hurts.
My nails are glossy and healthy now since my diet's changed.
My shiny new blue wagon. I love it.
My shoulder is fine until I lift it riigght here. Ow. Can you hear the tendon snapping? Ouch.
My specialist told me that my previous doctor misprescribed all my dosages.
My surgeon does all the surgeries for the Utah State football team.
My temperature is over 102 and I have chills. It feels like a urinary tract infection.
My wagon has 360 degree wheels, which is really nice.
Need to put tax money away and price out weight loss surgery
Never mix meds in the same bottle.
New home is great so happy for you. I have an MRI Wednesday on my shoulder. Will give you an update.
Next year I'm going to write the ad to say "free turkey with purchase of a mattress."
No birth announcement in the mail yet. Nothing but junk mail and bills so far.
No hurry with my taxes. Bad news can wait.
No one understands the demands Oliver has on his time. That kid doesn't have a spare second. Bless his heart.
No, I didn't trip over a BED! I tripped over a blanket that was ON the bed!
Not a bad debut for Jimmer. 37 points and 8 assists. Terrible defense but was unstoppable with his crossover.
Not looking forward to tomorrow. 12 hour day. Hope I'm still standing at the end.
Nothing brings me more joy than the site of Ainslee.
Nothing says Oliver and Christmas quite like Clark Griswold
Now with freezing weather, black ice could be bad. Checking with highway patrol.
Oh that girl and her fascination with trash cans!
Oh! I got the best news! I got a temporary handicap parking sticker for the next 6 months!
OK I must have buried them alive. Oh sorry, that text was meant for Cassie.
Oliver and Cassie are so good to me. So, so good to me. Cassie calls me about 4 times a day.
Oliver asked if anyone had seen his daughter and someone said "she took a ride into town to go trick or treating."
Oliver asked if anyone had seen his son and one of the guys in the neighborhood said he was off trick or treating with someone else.
Oliver bought me a Christmas tree! It's a BYU tree! Very "Me."
Oliver came into the mattress store the other day and used the vibrator.
Oliver didn't like David Phelps' voice because it sounded too "opera" for him.
Oliver doesn't get out of church until 4. He and Cassie are the nursery leaders.
Oliver finally sold his Corvette. Thank freaking goodness!
Oliver got 2 couches for $100 each. They need to be cleaned, but he could probably sell them to a Hispanic family up here.
Oliver had a smoke machine and spooky music set up on his porch. He would try to scare trick or treaters when he opened the door.
Oliver has a lot of strong opinions.
Oliver is great about helping and Andy is a really good guy.
Oliver put Christmas lights on the back of his house so people who are looking for the super Christmas house can find it!
Oliver said, "Dad, if I don't get my lights up before Thanksgiving I'm cancelling Christmas."
Oliver says Hillary pretty much blames me and her mom for all her issues.
Oliver was dressed up like Captain Jack Sparrow for Halloween.
Oliver went to my silent auction and got about $2,000 worth of furniture for $20.
Oliver would try to open the door fast to scare the kids.
Oliver's baby news? Yeah, real exciting. 
On the 1040 do I sign and send only the top copy or the entire package?
Once I wiped the tears away I watched this again and again. 
One of these days even Ty Corbin will be a coach again. Wait, he is.
One time on Seinfeld, George confronted the guy playing Kramer and said, "I know you took that box of raisins..."
Only you and Halloween!
Ophir State Marching Band from the 60's. They had an entire album. Enjoy.
Our warehouse foreman Colby is a grouch but a good man. 
P p lo -- Woops. Pocket text.
Package arrived this morning. Thanks. Are the girls getting excited for Halloween? Take pictures.
People still want to see Jimmer play and succeed.
Poor Hannah had to walk around the whole building to be let back in. I was starting to get worried about her after 15 mins.
President Uchtforf, and PRESIDENT EYING are so humble and brilliant. 
President's Day is the biggest mattress sale day of the year!
Rats! It it is her weekend. What a witch.
Rehab or surgery will then be next for my shoulder. Doesn't it sound fun?
Remember, I'm young and fit and trained, but I'm going to be doing surgery on an old body with old bones. Yours!
Remember, it's not the thought that counts. It's the price of the gift.
Removing all the polyps is going to cost me a fortune.
Results are in: full blown rotator tear. Major reconstruction needed with 6 months rehab. Surgeon is the best in the state.
Richard G. Scott just died. 86 years old. Good life.
Rick Hillstead texted me and said "now you can finally get medicare!"
Right after Hillary left the party she was texting us, "what'd you think of him? what'd you think?"
Run out of dog food. Could you swing by Petsmart and grab a bag?
Russell M. Nelson new president of the 12. Amazing he is also 90. Was thinking 70 not 90. Wow!
Sad for your old job. You pulled them out of the mire. You're never really appreciated until you're gone. 
Sad. Europe, here Jimmer comes.
Saw specialist today. Put me on a 90 day cholesterol lowering statin. Feeling good.
Serta surprised us by 1099'ing our spiffs. Now I owe taxes on that too.
Shannon and I both can hum the entire song but don't as yet have the name or lyrics.
Sheets! The gift that gives the whole year.
Showering and putting my ice pack harness on.
Sisters singing twinkle twinkle is so cute. Emme is one crazy girl!
Small Halloween surprise headed to Taylor and a couple accessories for the sisters. Should arrive by weekend.
Small item being sent to Fran for the upcoming season. Her South Carolina cousins are getting similar item too.
So are your mom and Bob going to be there? They're not??! why? I can't go cuz I'm afraid to fly. What's their excuse?
So beautiful. Would give ANYTHING to be there.
So does Fran have friends her own age, or is she so advanced that they can't keep up with her?
So excited. Countdown to my first laxative treatment.
So I've got a colonoscopy scheduled. That will be a load of fun.
Some BYU fans don't like their coach and are lobbying to get him called as an apostle so he won't be coach anymore.
Some terrible customers' kids took the blanket off the bed, and now I'm going into life-threatening surgery.
Sometimes while I'm sleeping I stop breathing fo ra while. They call it "lazy lungs."
Sorry for my spelling. Typing with a bandage on my finger.
Sorry I didn't congratulate you on your wedding anniversary. I have a lot going on right now.
Sorry I missed Skype. I was at Oliver's and he had me stay and grill steaks and chicken.
Sorry my phone wouldn't work. Oliver broke it.
Sorry to dump. It's just frustrating sometimes.
Storm is coming in. I may not be traveling to SLC to Griff's. Not going to chance weather. He told me to use good judgment. 
Sure a beautiful home!
Sure feeling the burn now. Wish I had some medication.
Sure hope your baby name isn't Yoda! May the force be with you.
Sure missed having you here for the reunion. Folks are saying it was the best one yet. 
Taysom Hill is a tuff guy.
Terry helped me with my diabetes testing. Worked 1st time.
Terry is in town for his kid's grandmother's funeral.
Terry just called from Star Valley. He has his little kids and his daughter's strange boy. You know who I mean.
Terry said he wants to swing by and say hello one of these days.
Text finally went through to Doug. He answered right back. Great man.
Than k a for the non slip shoe aids. I'll try them out next icy sidewalk day.
Thanksgiving and Christmas will be so fun this year.
That awful song stuck in your head is called "Games People Play" by The Spinners
That Ed, he never listens to me! Half of Logan is gonna have a free turkey, courtesy of Fisher Matress Center!
That Fran - she sure likes her presents. 
That girl scares me.
That nonsense is how I spoke after eating dinner yesterday
The 4th of July is the biggest mattress sale day of the year!
The doctor asked me if I have sleep apnea and I said "I dunno?!"
The doctor gave me injections in my knees and I can WALK AGAIN!!
The home announcers were excited about Jimmer. They said the players LOVE him.
The hospital has a great staff. Great, great staff.
The IRS sent me a check for $197 a few months ago. And what do I get today? An IRS bill for $197! Merry Christmas to me!
The Jazz are 5 to 6 losses away from ruining their season.
The Jazz are going to trade Enes Kanter before the trade deadline.
The Jazz have a terrible point guard situation.
The Jazz should trade Kanter to the Celtics.
The Minions movie was just great. Just great. Excellent 60's soundtrack.
The Minions....you know the minions, don't you? Those little yellow guys. They look like Twinkies.
The moves they have on Hallmark are SO good. 
The next rumored oreo flavor is cotton candy. Don't know if that's true but I read it on the internet so it must be.
The only people who are gonna be at the store on Friday will be starving married kids, waiting to get a free turkey!
The orderly who tended to me before and after surgery was my friend Terry who used to work Wednesdays at the store with me.
The other day I went to a state workman's comp conference.
The transmission in my car is starting to hit hard.
The workman's comp review board is going to offer me a settlement.
There have been 3 or 4 crap days and I predict there will be more.
There is a park near a golf course where we met years ago that had hills and covered areas.
There's no birthday party tonight at Oliver's house. I'm gonna go home and sleep!
They couldn't put me fully under for my colonoscopy. It wasn't bad. It actually wasn't even a wholly unpleasant experience.
They cut our spiffs in half and now 1099 us. No warning. We are all hit hard with this. Oh well.
They gave me a disc with my whole surgery on it. Oliver says it's bloody and disgusting.
They gave me pictures of my colon polyps the other day. Hey Cassie, check out my selfies!
They just gave the store back to me. The last guy drove it into the ground.
They needed an adult to drop me off at the hospital.
They say I need to eat more fiber. They recommended these chia seeds.
They say I qualify for Medicare, which is free! Except I need a gap policy or something because it doesn't cover anything.
They say it'll take a 24 hours for the ether to clear out of my lungs.
They're supposed to do my colonoscopy on the same day as my rotator surgery! I can't do that! I can't!
They've got me hooked up to this machine that circulates ice water around my shoulder.
This is my first year spending Christmas all alone. I guess I'd better get used to it.
Token Valentine's gift headed Fran's way. Probably Tuesday.
Token valnetine's gift headed to the girls probably at timing around Tuesday.
Too bad about Burks injury. Looks like surgery and season ending. Just after a new huge contract too.
Too bad for Exum and Jazz. On another note, Christian and Jan are at hospital.
Totally preciousm. Precious.
Trains aren't as ghetto as busses.
Ticks me off when people have huge wish lists and no reality based smarts.
Tyler Haws isn't getting many minutes. But has hit 5 for 5 from three point in three games.
Uchtdorf and Eyring. Both the same but different.
Ugh, you joined Crossfit? Well that just sounds horrible.
UPS has the package for Fran. Could be out for delivery, but tracking says not until Monday.
Visited with older gentleman who lives around the corner from McMurdies.
Wait, never mind. I read that Hungry Hungry Hippos is super cheaply made nowadays. You don't want to mess with that.
Was the Japanese coat too small?
Watched 'About a Boy' at 3am. Couldn't sleep. Hugh Grant's best movie.
We can add brown sugar to the sloppy joes since we're in charge.
We could do a large bun for adults and cheap buns for kids. Onions cheese mustard options.
We could have chips and water with our sloppy joes.
We got nothing at all for the Kanter trade.
We need a theme for the family reunion??! I'll have to think real hard on that.
We need to trade Gordon Hayward. 
We should invite some Syrian refugees over for Thanksgiving so they can behead the turkey!
Weather is frigid but not snowing here. 
Well all these prescriptions are the story of my life now.
Well I'm just having a fun afternoon of laxatives for my colonoscopy tomorrow.
Well there goes the Jazz season with Rudy missing the next 20 to 25 games. Too bad.
Well these colon polyps are gonna be about $300 a pop.
Well, I assembled my blue wagon today.
Well, I guess I have nowhere to spend Christmas Eve or Christmas. Oliver said I can't come over for any of it.
Well, off to work. Have a great day!
What a darling girl. She makes me smile inside and out.
What did the doctor say I could eat?
What's your opinion of Jimmer getting contract for make good at fall camp with Spurs?
When I go to Oliver's house, Ainslee comes out and says, "Pompa, Pompa, Pompa!"
When I leave Oliver's house, Ainslee tries to steal my socks! She steals them!
Which cookie did Taylor frost?
Who was the most uniquely cast James Bond?
Who's the guy that sings the new James Bond song? Sam Speed, I think.
Why did I say no to Bethany packing me up a plate of leftovers? Why would I do that.
Wish I'd known how to use my test strips 3 weeks ago!
Would you guys help me pull off a good family reunion?
Wrestler Dusty Rhodes died today age 69. Remember him?
Yep. I have a colonoscopy on March 16th.
You are the new owner of a Serta perfect sleepr super pillow top queen mattress.
You can eat the husks they use to make Metamucil and it's much better for you anyway.
You can't even use the laundry facilities at my apartment. The college kids have completely taken it over.
You know Jakey John, right? That's Jon's boy who lost his foot. Well, he's getting divorced now.
You know that George Constanza was based on Larry David, right? He's the same guy!
You know what the biggest game of the year is? It's called "Pie in the Face." Google it!
You remember James Cagney, right? "Yooouu dirty rat!"
You should hear my radio ad that's going to play on Monday...
You were born in 85. This 2015. I just subtracted and got 30.
You're a man of few words LOL.
Your cousin Jessica... Talk about overkill on posting pictures to Instagram.
Your girls would love "Pie in the Face."
Your mom is retiring next year and is going to live in Oliver's basement.
Your mother or Bob show up and Oliver neglects his work and family to wait on them. 
Your mother's plan is to live with Oliver for free and flip homes. She's being forced into retirement.
I LOVE the Spongebob TV show. But the movie was AWFUL. It was terrible. I hated it. I really enjoy the cartoon show though.
What size shoe do you wear? I have an old pair that I can give you.
Ed just text me. It says 'I heard you on the radio, you sexy man.'
I'm thinking of getting a 2 bedroom place. Maybe I can use the 2nd bedroom as a little office
Next year I'm gonna join Amazon prime.
Hannah and Hayden won't help Oliver take down Christmas lights. They're lazy, spoiled city kids.
Lonny is going to make waffles and buttermilk syrup on Christmas morning.
Jan said that her dad is gonna cook dinner for everyone.
People would come to the store, and this guy would just smoke and drink and ignore them.
Now, do I put my Utah tax return in the same envelope with my Federal return?
Bear goes for the gusto. That's for sure.
I don't know what Hillary is going to do up here until Wednesday.
Cassie offered to detail my car while Oliver and I watched a movie but I had to say no cuz the boil on my leg hurt so bad.
I put the new battery in ok now thanks.
I don't want to be "apartment rich" and cash poor.
You guys don't have to go to the family reunion. You can just stay and spend the day in Jackson Hole
Chicago wants to re-sign Jimmer even though he's only played 4 out of the last 8 games.
I traded Cassie she is cleaning my apartment while I watch kids. A break for both of us.
You watch. The Jazz will make a move by the trade deadline to get rid of Marvin Williams and Richard Jefferson.
What if I did a pirate theme for my apartment?
Hayden and Hannah were dressed immaculately. Cassie did a good job with them.
Love Fran's Beatles acumen. One sweet and very very smart girl.
Did you know Aunt Eda fell? No? She's our favorite aunt. You should know she fell!
Fran appears to be happy these days. She must be liking school.
That Fran is one step ahead of the rest of the world.
I'm finally talking to Oliver and Cassie again.
I'm proud of you for hanging out with Oliver.
I just cut 2 more radio ads today.
She has the sweetest angel face and smile. Beautiful girl. I love her in her uniform. So cute.
Terry can't stand the sight of his wife. He's so glad to be away from her.
Watching Jimmer on offense is a thing of beauty.
I'm shopping around for some new slippers for Griffin.
They say Jimmer's looking for a house in Denver
If only I could get a nice new car with really good mileage. I might do that this year
Ainslee is a special, precious little girl.
The Mattress Warehouse is the kiss of death.
I had 2 visitors this morning. Your cousin Jesse and then Oliver and Cassie and Ainslee. 
My wig scared Ainslee and I had to take it off. She screamed at me and clawed my face.
That Emmerson keeps her distance from everybody!
Jim Boylan not Boyle may be the guy the Jazz are looking for.
They say Jimmer's defense has improved so much it's *almost* not a negative against him anymore.
Christian has been working with me on my computer and has pronounced it gonzo.
The other store is 2 or 2 and a half miles away. Maybe it's closer to 3 or 3 and a half
I told Terry that Cassie has cut me off. He said, "Well, you sure screwed the pooch on this one, buddy."
You got me an egg cooker???
Have you heard Jesse and Cynthia are getting married? Your cousin Jesse...
Oh! Every car is stopping because of an ambulance. We almost just had a 10-car pileup.
Lonny felt bad that I moved out.
I'm increasingly afraid Jazz will offer the max to Hayward.
Hopefully Emme doesn't completely grow up before I meet her in June.
Shannon's house is missing half the walls.
Uncle Jaremy said "I'd sure like to get together with everybody and golf."
I picked out the fabric and Lynette made the pillowcases.
Cassie's heart was broken because Ainslee sat up today.
I'll be fine! Jon says if I quit and need more money, he'll give me some for a month or so.
Blue or I gina ted in Kentucky if you use fescueh lu us add.
I asked Griff if he was going to the chili cook-off. He said (stupid voice) 'No, we're on a diet."
How about something for the whole family just so there is something from Pop Pop under the tree? It's for my health.
I can't go to the 7:00am water aerobics class. That doesn't work for me.
Doesn't your mother turn 60 today?
I've asked Shannon and Daryl to write a letter of recommendation for Oliver.
I gave my commercial spot to KC to fix. He'll come up with something incredible. Isn't he incredible?
Are you coming tomorrow 12:30 for the chili cook-off? Hope so. I have a new recipe for you to try.
I built a special balloon display for Mads and Emme.
Oliver likes to wear wild clothes.
My friend Rex at work said "My girlfriend won't break up with her husband."
The 626 was a piece of crap But I really liked it!
Oliver went to my silent auction and got about $2,000 worth of furniture for $20.
Have you ever seen a more beautiful child than Ainslee in her 9 month photo yesterday?
I'm so stupid on this phone. I can barely do anything on it
I think Emme could be the next Shirley Temple. What a face!
That Doug McDermott is a top 6 pick. Have you seen his shot???
You go to a Western Union and send a money order to Canada. Then you rate them on their service and they send you $150.
When Griffin told you he wanted a night off, maybe he meant from both Frances and Bethany
Had fun with the kids yesterday at my place watching Mountain Monsters.
You don't have to eat much at the chili cook off. Just taste the options.
I invited people over when I lived in squalor, but nobody wanted to come.
Back when Terry was in real estate, he used to take the furniture out of houses and sell it before the house foreclosed.
I drank an entire huge bottle of Robitussin last night.
I just totaled up my Serta spiffs. I'm over $800 dollars now.
Oliver's only inviting me over just so I can watch the kids.
Lonny and Lynette want me to move up to Logan with them.
I've got some good news. I got a 2nd job as a secret shopper.
I have a spot for a washer and dryer, but what's the point when there's a laundromat right across the hall?
I took a case of peanut butter to Oliver's house this morning. They were gone but Bob was there. He shook my hand and was very nice.
The Jazz should trade Gordon Hayward and Enes Kanter to Boston for their pick.
I found out they're letting Doug leave the store at 7:30 so he has time to drive home!
I can hardly wait. The Black List, Nashville, Arrow, Vampire Diaries. So many great shows.
Cassie LOVES IHOP breakfast and Village Inn.
Did a pirate ship arrive at your house today with pirate booty?
Oliver just checked back.Headed to tent sale.
Barry wrote a pretty neat letter to Karl today
One of the Bar J wranglers put on a black hat and white glove and moon danced across the stage.
I still think you and I could have sat Amber down and solved this whole thing.
My knees hurt me so bad, but there's nothing I can do about it.
You don't have Instagram, but Jan posted a picture last night of Emme.
I won't share the gory details of my boil. They would freak you out.
It's not Texas but it will have to do!
Oliver went out and spent $100 dollars on fireworks when he had no money.
Well, you only have 3 pieces of toilet paper left.
The guy I'm replacing is a total dork.
I just clicked on Christian's side bar link. Try it, it's crazy. It's now working. That was weird.
How could Christian allow Emme to wear western pj's? Can you believe those eyelashes and curls?
I haven't seen Ainslee in nearly a month.
You're going to see something for Frances in the mail in the next 3-4 days.
Beth likes animals.
Fred Hoi berg Iowa State and Tom I zoo Michigan State are possibilities for the Jazz.
RC Willey told Lonny if he worked there he couldn't talk politics or religion. He said, 'see ya, then!"
I'm going to get this picture of a guitar because I play the guitar and I'm musical.
Aunt Hillary sent me this link to some jokes. I have been laughing for days.
Oh you got a new job? That's so good. Hey, really quick, Shannon's son Michael had a grand mal seizure
I haven't got any furniture in my apartment, but I did get a computer desk from Staples and a tv stand
The King's coach doesn't know how to use his personnel!
Cassie has called me many times asking to come take care of the kids.
Frances sure can draw.
Your driveway is terrible. I don't know how you can even walk on it.
I think we should change the name from "Sleep Center" to "Sleep SOLUTIONS"
Oliver, ask Frances what she ate for breakfast.
Oliver and Cassie totally fell in love with my apartment. 
I got acupuncture on my knee yesterday.
Emme and Frances have the most gorgeous eyes and eyelashes.
You know that Frances is SCARY SCARY smart, right? I haven't seen a kid like that in forever.
My computer just sits there. I think it's toast. Any suggestions?
I've got a great big deep tub. I'm going to fill it up and soak in it.
Are you going to be home on Saturday around 6?
There's the funniest exchange between Brian Regan and Steve Young online. It's on Facebook but I can't find it on YouTube or anywhere else.
Jim McKim used to shoot a hook shot like Kareem-Abdul-Jabar. Probably even better.
I'm having Lynette make some pillow cases for Hannah and Hayden.
The Midvale boss is incompetent and a liar. We're good friends, though.
Your Mom and Bob are helping Oliver pay his attorney's fees.
Jazz are screwed.
Something scary headed TO Frances today!
Happy Thanksgiving! Don't forget your apple sauce.
Jon asked me to come over on Christmas day.
I just ordered a swimsuit so I can do swimming pool aerobics.
I have a case of water to carry up to my apartment and my books, and there's no place to park.
I told Cassie that this weekend is all about her and Ainslee. She can be as selfish as she wants.
Jeff Van Grundy was Lindsey old boss in Houston before San Antonio as was Horace k's assistant Mike Long a Bardi.
Ed Fisher said he will have several pay options for me to choose from.
Coach Johnson does color sometimes on the radio and he's SO sharp.
So does Oliver ignore your calls or is it just me?
I'd rather be dead right than dead wrong!
I've been sick for over 10 days. Can you believe it? It's just been bad bad bad.
So a wife says to her husband, would you take a bullet for me? He says "yes, I'd do about anything to get out of this relationship."
Try watching Wipeout just once, please.
Terry's wife knows how to work the system. She's a real loser, or a winner. Whatever you wanna call it.
There's frost all over the trees up here like cat tail fuzz.
What are you doing at work? Isn't it Saturday? It's FRIDAY???
Are you guys gonna go to the family reunion? Nobody else is going to go.
Cassie should become a medical coder. They work from home, don't they?
Hopefully this woman sales candidate has furniture experience
Try to access your blog thru evil robot and get massive junk page. Please advise.
My boss wants to hire a 40-50 year-old woman for one of the stores so we can have some diversity.
I still care about Jim McKim, I was just so offended that he tried to sell me MLM stuff.
I just read that if the season started today, Jimmer would be 1st guard off the bench.
Cassie quit working at Ross.
Why should I wait til I find a new job before I quit? I'm going to quit anyway.
Ute fans get their security from a BYU loss, not from a Utah win.
I wonder at what point Quin Snyder will just quit on the season.
I had the curls for 3 months. The rest of the time I looked like Paul.
New Bear Grylls now available.
The hot tub is covered so you're welcome to sit out there year round.
Did you see Bethany's post on Instagram?
Terry's wife is moving to the Dominican Republic.
All those totes killed my back.
Why did the Jazz go out and sign this nobody guard when they could have signed Jimmer for a million?
This should put the Jazz over the top. Sign Jack Cooley. Played at Notre Dame and has been playing in Turkey.
I brought in a mixed case of peanut butter crunchy and smooth and Deidri looked at me like I was crazy.
I have tomorrow off so I'm gonna watch dancing with the stars and the voice tonight.
If I already wasn't off tomorrow, I would take it off to mourn not I hate clowns, they freak me out.
Pleasant surprise in my paycheck. Extra $509 this time. We made a profit for the 1st time which I split with the owner. Great news.
Well, Terry's ex-wife moved to Costa Rica.
Not looking forward to tomorrow. 12 hour day. Hope I'm still standing at the end.
USA gets butt kicking once again in the Ryder Cup afternoon alternating shot foursomes. 
You all know how much I love Country.
When you guys come to Utah I think I'll take Madeleine mini-golfing.
My pool is now open. Maybe we can have a family get together?
You'd pay Kanter 8 million a year?! That's way too high! I was thinking more like 7 million a year...
Your Uncle Doug has a brother that's a Ute fan and he's just the worst.
It's a good thing Christian got those two girls. If they had been boys, he probably would have been a child beater.
Please take lots of pictures of Zoran and share. She is so dang cute.
All 3 kids drive Cassie nuts.
Emme is a whirling durbish. So cute and what a great mom Jan is.
Too bad about Burks injury. Looks like surgery and season ending. Just after a new huge contract too.
I told them I'm quitting so I can focus on health and family.
I've just been watching Western movies and doing laundry and fighting off this cold.
Jon says he's never heard in his life of an employer making someone work during their 2-week notice.
Maddie gave me hug hug goodbye. Emme let me kiss her arm. I feel grateful she let me get that close.
The Cavs got the number 1 pick? Incredible. Labron might go back now. Jazz are scrrwed.
I can't sign in to Fran's Tumblr.
Oh, there's a million Steve Smith's? Well put Steve Smith, Florida.
Did you watch Gonzaga stink it up against Arizona the other night?
I guess you've heard Oliver and Cassie aren't talking to me
Your Mom lives vicariously through Oliver.
Ainslee crawled straight to me and everyone at the party said, "Well, it's obvious who her favorite Grandparent is."
Which one of these 3 colors do you and Bethany like the best? Black, white, or tan?
The Ogden store is sucking canal water with Doug running it.
Oliver and Cassie are still hating on me.
I work out every day!!! If I don't work out, then how do you think I lost 7lbs in 5 weeks????!?
Lonny's been looking for a house in Logan. Talk about the cart before the horse! WOW!
They did a c-section on The Rifleman. Chuck Conners? Du-duh-duh-da-duh-duh-da-duh-da-duh-da-dooo!
Hannah and Hayden when alone are pretty funny too. Fran though is on a whole different planet.
I finally got Fran's video message to open.
Just this minute I called Griffin again no answer and texted. Sometimes his signal is weak there.
Whose comment did you not publish on your blog? What was their name? Where were they from? Oh, I don't know anyone in Olympia.
April is the worst month of the year for selling mattresses. Everybody's buying stuff for their yard instead.
Oliver thinks he has to spend all this money to keep up with Amber.
Ainslee sat behind the curtains in dining room and would peek out and laugh before hiding again. Pretty young to play peek a boo.
I wanted to go up to Jon's cabin this weekend but he said it's been winterized.
My sales manager Rick called me today and said "Kevan, I love you. I consider you my good friend."
They're paying Doug gas money to drive up to Ogden, but not me to be the rover!!!
I read an article the other day that said Jimmer is one of the top 3 free agents who can have a significant impact on a team this year.
I haven't mentioned the job with Fisher Furniture to anybody here. They think I'm just quitting for health reasons.
Dante Exum actually said he liked Milwaukee.
I had some customers come in from Providence today and I said 'You must know my daughter-in-law, JanaLEE.'
I wish I could give my resignation and say 'sayonara, suckers!'
I texted both Griffin and Oliver. No response. Would be perfect for Mads.
Cassie sure is a good little mom.
Jimmer is shooting lights out but is also getting steals but also showing good vision with assists especially on fast breaks.
Griffin told me to leave my computer off overnight and maybe it would fix itself.
My appetite suppressant does all my weight loss for me. 10 lbs the first week! Serious!
Ainslee calls everything Gage. Bob taught her that. Also threw me a kiss today.
I tried texting and calling you several times today.
We might hire a sign holder that waives a sign on Saturdays or Friday afternoons
Bob has already turned me in twice for slamming the door at 2:00am. He's the worst neighbor ever.
Give Jimmer minutes and he will score.
Well, I had to leave the sales meeting today because our sales manager walked in and said "yeah! We busted the BYU quarterback's leg!"
Oliver made me stop talking about my boil because it was making him sick.
*In sick voice* I'm so sick, Jon. I left work at 4 and we don't even close til 6.
Well this guy has a horrible negative attitude and no Oliver, I'm not like him.
Every time I log on to Facebook there's something there that Lonny's posted. That man never works.
I can't even think anymore until my pills kick in.
Julius Randle I think is a marginal player.
Dante Exum will be better than Jabari Parker in 3 years. Jabari is lazy and has no heart.
Just sold a mattress to a guy named Christian Emerson who recently moved here from Bend Oregon. Small world.
Oliver came by and helped me move beds around. I just can't do it anymore.
Well, you just don't recover from a fall when you're 90. What? Tara's grandma did?? Oh. My. Gosh.
You have a little Jew in you
Oliver said "how can you even live without a big TV?"
I've been trying to reach Terry for a month.
Is there a fish called a "Chunnel"?
Mads has a queen bed? Good for her!
The doctor drained 5 needles of fluid out of my knee.
When I got out of the shower I was shaking so hard I thought I was gonna die.
At least they are being treated like queens by their folks.
Karl's a real loser.
As soon as I can afford it, I'm gonna get Amazon prime because everything you send is free.
I got a gift for Heidi and Phil, Christian and Jan, and something for my friend Susan.
How much do I owe you? Oh I only have $6 bucks on me anyway
We may have set the franchise back 10 years by not making a move at the trade deadline.
Hillary just hates me.
I'm buying a 'Juice Bullet.' It's a blender for berries and flax.
The pancake brand was Aretha Frankenstein? I thought it was Aretha Franklin!
No, there's no kitchen in the basement apt. But I'll just put in a mini-fridge, microwave, and hot plate.
If Lonny buys this house, I'll be in your Father-in-law's ward in Logan!
I got Griffany a combined gift this year. I hope Beth's ok with that.
Is Frances on the same diet restrictions as her parents?
Christian doesn't have much self confidence.
I told Oliver that I wasn't going to be beholden to him for anything.
Oliver said "you should stick around and make a pork roast."
Jon Gruber is right! The voters *are* stupid! They're all idiots!
Who knew Emme was such a talented tambourine player?
Hayden walks like a jock! Look at him!!
I got Hillary some moisturizer and face cream that has salt from the dead sea in it.
No, I won't join a gym. I will just buy some Natural Appetite Suppressant AZ and colon cleanse. 
The entire family is extremely anxious to see you.
I think I'm going to get an ikea base for my bed when I can afford it. So I'm just gonna toss my mattress on the floor for now.
Aunt Kathleen is on death's doorstep. Her body is completely infected with herpes.
Bless her heart. Bless. Her. Little. Heart.
Fran's chicken is terrific.
I'm gonna get an offer from Fisher Furniture the week after next. So I'm gonna go resign at Mattress Warehouse today.
My knee was completely locked up and swollen.
Hayden now makes threats and says things like "you better do this, and you better do that."
After I close every night, I recline in an adjustable bed for 20 minutes to drain my knees.
Did you tell Ainslee I was sorry?
I've had to pay $350 in the last month for gas for work. That's more than my commissions!
Uncle Jon told me to tell Mattress Warehouse to shove it.
I decorated the store for Christmas. Well, I have a 'happy holidays' balloon.
They wanted Lonny's dead mother in jail because she didn't show up to traffic court. What a bunch of dummies!
My Aunt Eda isn't getting any younger. She's 87 years old!
I hate my ward so much. They treat me like The Invisible Man.
Check out the video link I just emailed. I think you'll really love it.
My company party is Monday. We are drawing for v 3 gifts. Kindle Fire, X box 360 and 50 " tv. Pretty generous boss.
All the European golfers bunk together in America while their wives stay behind.
I told Oliver to celebrate Christmas on Christmas Eve.
Keep smiling.
My knees are swollen and my back hurts.
I trust you had a good vacation. Loved the photos posted.
Happy Thanksgiving! Tell everyone hi.
It's almost suicide out there. It's packed with so many people.
I'm just the temporary roving manager for the next few weeks because they're *probably* going to be firing Doug.
Hannah and Hayden can't play together. They fight too much.
How do you like your mattress? Do we need to get you a new one yet?
Oliver's letting the kids get jacked up on sugar before he hands them over to Amber at 1.
Your old number has been defunct ed from my address book and the new number added.
I just got home. I'm gonna go in and watch the BYU women lose.
On Sundays I just go home and die, ya know?
Oliver has to run to Tooele and Park City to get presents for Hayden and Cassie.
That Julius Randle is a player. But he sure does have short arms.
Hey Ainslee, who's your daddy?
Just called again to say hello from work. Hillary says you don't show my calls or texting. 
Cassie says Ainslee is having withdrawals from being held by Aunt Hillary.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results.
I could do anything for a couple or 3 years as long as I know that I don't have to move all over the place.
I'm afraid Karl won't pay me the commissions I made today. Can he do that??
Lonny and Lynette want to get away from Lynette's parents.
During the night I was shaking so hard, I got up and got another quilt out of the closet. I had 3 quilts on me.
So are you just driving in to work? What?? It's 10:00am??
15 temples currently under construction. Hope Star Valley gets started soon. Announced 2 years ago.
Ainslee is priceless.
It's just too hard to make it down to Salt Lake.
I've got an interview with Fisher Home Furnishings on Monday.
Did I show you the signs I made for my store?
I only watch HGTV, Discovery, Travel, and the History Channel and Hulu.
Cassie made me a plaque that said "You're the best father-in-law in the world and I love you so much."
I'm planning on being disappointed by this year's draft.
Have you seen Ainslee lately? What a doll! I was over there yesterday watching that Tom Cruise movie...
My news is that I got my hair cut real short. That's about it, except for my knee hurting real bad.
I'm only getting everyone 1 gift this year. I'm not spending $300 a piece like I used to
The Association sings 'Along comes Mary' They are great.
Will be strange seeing Jimmer in a Bulls red uni.
I just sold a mattress to a guy whose sister is moving to the greater Greenville area.
I've just been working on my memoirs.
You guys are the first ones besides Hannah and Hayden that I've entertained.
I'm still sick! You'd think I'd be better after 10 days
At Mattress Warehouse if I wanted to search for a Serta Jubilance I just had to type in "J-U-B"
I went through 6 rolls of toilet paper between Friday and Sunday.
Are you still in bed? Why? Are you sick or is it just because it's Saturday?
I'm so crippled now. My back and my knees with all this moving in the cold weather
My plan is to dump the Fisher Home Furnishings name and rebrand the store 'American Mattress Co.'
That Fran sure is curious and loves to explore.
The new place is 10,000 times better then what Karl used to put us through.
Jon says I can make $15,000 a year and it won't deduct anything from my social security.
I was just so ticked at Thurl Bailey that I had to call you
Your Grandma has seen your baby hasn't she?
My computer at home just crashed. Tried to restart several times, only to get black screen.
I got lookalike Christmas gowns for Maddie and Emme.
I told Hannah to quit playing Minecraft and to come out of her room. She said no, her room is like a glorious prison.
Oliver is wearing a nice crocheted sweater I got him, isn't that thanks enough?
Jimmer had to switch to wearing number 7 in Sac town.
Lonny has talked about buying a house up here and renting the basement to me.
Just because you're on a diet doesn't mean you can't go and sample some chili.
Hannah is always playing that game Mine something Minecraft. What a horrible, evil, evil game.
My other phone's ringing... Let me see who's calling me here...
You're a pervert if you put ketchup on a hot dog.
Oliver is going to let the juices flow and just tell the evaluator all the examples of Amber being a witch.
Oliver says you recently had issues with a boil?
Christian's looking for a new bed so he asked me if I could reach out to my friend Steve Smith in Florida.
I can't get my Hulu plus to work. It only plays commercials.
Do I use my computer? Uh, yes! Constantly!
The Jazz didn't sign Jimmer because they don't want the pressure to have to play him.
Oliver is grandy.
Every night after work I have to recline and raise my feet over my head so I can get the circulation going.
Christian got me hooked on vampires reading all his books. 
It was Jan's idea to move to South Carolina.
I sold a bed to Jan's mother's mother's sister's son today.
Also forgot The Goldbergs. Funniest sitcom on TV.
Where did you get the Bee less album? Beetles.
Oliver is a liar and a manipulator.
If you're going to Wyoming in August I need to know NOW so I can book motel rooms.
All 3 kids were so perfectly beautiful Saturday.
I have to call Griff - Frances is expecting my call.
After 90 days they're going to pull me in and do an evaluation of my sales.
I told Oliver I can buy my furniture one piece at a time.
Barry asked me why I was on fire today and selling so many beds. I told him, "because I don't care anymore."
I'm just watching the Packers/Lions game. I don't like the NFL, I'm just checking to see if Ziggy Ansah is playing.
Hillary told me not to get her any Christmas presents But I just got her a little one. I only spent $100 bucks on it.
I got 2 recliners with power vibrating rollers in them for $180 bucks.
I will mail you some colon cleanse. You'll thank me later.
I have no problem helping people who need it. It's just people like Terry's wife who milk the system
Have you seen that Anderson guy on Jimmer's team? They say he shoots 3's better than Jimmer!
I've gotta go. I've gotta run to the restroom.
You would have been so proud of Oliver. Bless his little heart!
Jimmer's defense has improved from last year to this year.
Christian got a huge Christmas bonus.
I wish you could see the grand babies I'm referring to.
I can't live at Lonny's forever. I need a place of my own. My own kids refuse to visit me here!
There's a new headhunter at Christian's work. Well Not a headhunter. Head chopper!
Jon said "I might have 2 or 3 ways for you to come with up some extra money tax-free every month."
You see that?! Ainslee is feeling the music and scooping it in with her left hand!
Daryl was fired from his job today. Shannon says it's because everyone made up lies about him.
It's a totally stupid show but watch just 1 episode of Wipeout on ABC. I promise you'll belly laugh.
They say the kings were shopping Jimmer REALLY hard this past week.
You guys think I'm just sitting around. But I'm only taking the next 2 weeks off.
Oliver just uses Bob.
Look at how big my phone is!
Russell and Ben won't be at the chili cook off because of illness.
You think I could find a place in Logan that would let me pay half the deposit now and the other half later?
I hate Breaking Bad. I don't do trendy very well.
Hillary told me not to get her any Christmas presents or she'd scream at me until I died.
I just picked up the fixings for a chef salad.
My Uncle Vaughn came down from Idaho to visit everyone. But of course, I had to work.
Oh, Fran has a sore throat and lost her voice? Does she like that and think it's fun?
I loaded my mattress only. And that just about killed my back.
Lonny either watches tv or plays online all day. He never leaves the desk.
I heard Jimmer's old number 32 is available if he wants to wear it again in Chicago.
In between customers here at work. How are you liking South Carolina? I think Trey Gowdy is the best U.S. House Rep in the country.
They say Jabari Parker is the next Carmelo. He's overweight and looks for his own shot first.
Now tell me again what exactly you do for work?
I only slept for a half hour last night.
You're invited to Aunt Kris's chili cook off on the 25th.
There's a beautiful rec room at my place. We can have parties there.
The Jazz have gotta change or they are dead.
Your cousin Jesse just bought a house up here in Logan.
Guy on Cougar board says Quin Snyder looks like Percy on Green Mile. Lol.
Is there any chance we can get Hillary to go up to Wyoming?
My right knee is double the size of my left knee. I think it's rheumatism.
My neighbor told the apartment manager that I slam doors in the middle of the night. I'm not gonna tip-toe around my apartment!
I heard Mattress Warehouse opened a new location, but that's just because they're going to close 4 others.
Magic happens.
The Blacklist next after Voice. SPADE is best actor on tv.
I can't bad mouth Lonny. I won't Unless they ask for my opinion.
Dave Ainge said Danny's gonna go after Hayward HARD this offseason.
My new job is gonna be like 50 hours a week. Not like 60 to 65.
I'm calling you from a slow, lazy afternoon at work. But I worked hard over the weekend so it's OK that I'm doing nothing now.
I worked with my dear friend Barry today. Dear friend. He's 72. Really good friend.
I've got really good brothers and sisters.
That should be fun spending the night playing mind freak.
Hillary had to bring Hayden and Hannah all the way up to Logan. She didn't seem too happy about that. 
How would you feel about doing the newsletter and sending it to Kris?
I talked with Shannon earlier today and she is in pretty bad shape. I quite worried about her.
My friend Rex at my new job said "I haven't been yelled at in 17 years, and I'm a loser!"
Jimmer's been getting 20 to 25 minutes a night. He's shooting 65% on his threes!
Cassie said we should have dinner every Sunday. I said, 'Like Tom Selleck in Blue Bloods?"
Zulu lays has real cute end of summer clothes.
Did you see Ainslee's diaper blowout picture? Wow.
Lonny and I talked last night about how we just can't get any respect.
Well, Heidi won't answer her phone ever. Hey there! what's going on?
I'm here decorating my Christmas tree. You wouldn't believe it! It's 7 feet tall and about 3.5 or 4 feet wide.
Ed gave me $1 and I said "Oh, you shouldn't have." He said, "you're right." then he gave me a twenty.
Rex at work is a total basket case. He was crying to me.
Oh, you have good news? Good, I thought you were calling to say you had cancer.
My neighbor has already turned me in twice for being too loud.
I think I put my hoodie on backwards. Yup. I did.
Oliver said not to mention Amber in my letter, but I had to. How much? Oh, probably half
They key fob won't fit in the ignition! Well, how was I supposed to know it didn't go in the ignition to start?
After I poked the boil on my leg I went through an entire roll of toilet paper soaking up everything that came out of it.
Oliver *has* to decorate his house each year. It entertains his neighbors.
If Terry survives his flu, he and I might become roommates.
I've got a staff infection. I've got sores all over my shoulders and leg, and a bad rash and so forth...
Christian left his Christmas party early thanks to Emme. She ruins everything for them.
There's no search bar or "find" in the computer system.
I think the Jazz need a real strong father figure type coach for the young players.
I'm going down to the American Fork store to help Craig with his files and show him some other things.
Small valentines gift headed to Frances. Should arrive Sat or Mon.
I felt so bad last night I got out of bed and made my will.
No, I won't call them to straighten it out. But I've written them a very long letter
Griffin and Oliver have way more confidence than Christian.
I gave them some ultimatums so now they're going to pay me gas money to be the roving manager.
My Uncle Vaughn is 78 years old but Uncle Jon said he looks like he's 60!
I wouldn't have wanted Kyle Whittingham's autograph even if he was wearing a shirt that said "I'm Kyle W."
I got Oliver some suspenders.
I've gotta finish wrapping this stuff and get to bed.
I got all my grandkids matching jammies! well, Fran got Frozen ones...
I just sold a bed to Jim Wilkins. His son is coming back from a mission to Greenville next week! Small world.
I said Cassie is a GREAT mother, except sometimes when she has all 3 kids, she can't handle it.
Watching at work Ghost Adventures Ancient Ram Inn in England. Supposed to be one of the most haunted sites in the world.
I wonder how many minutes a game Jimmer will really see with the Bulls. I'm thinking around 20.
Jon said it's going to be absolutely wild and noisy at his house.
Fisher Home Furnishings will pay me a $2500 dollar base plus commissions.
I'm a urinary tract infection expert!
Quin snyder new Jazz coach. I don't trust his face.
I'm looking for a place with 2 bedrooms so you guys can come up and stay overnight.
Oliver invited me to stay with him a couple nights a week.
Hayden has turned into a spoiled little brat.
I heard Hillary got a new car?
I sent Fran an outfit size 6. Hope it fits.
Oliver's a lot nicer to Cassie since the baby was born.
Logan is such a cold snowy place. But I knew that.
What a wonderful story
Mattress Warehouse didn't pay my January commissions and says I owe them $300.
I told Ed that we needed to franchise out and become 'American Mattress'.
Cassie says that I've turned Hillary and Christian against Oliver.
Ainslee took my pizza and was laughing at me. "Ha ha ha!"
The pool at my condo doesn't close until 10 pm!
I've been organizing beds so much I'm gonna have to have the doctor drain my knee.
I'm not as good as you are with the strong arm negotiations.
I'm passing a cop so I better put my phone down a little bit.
I told the gal that Karl owed me $300 for gas and she said "You're not getting it! That's Karl for ya."
If I won an Xbox I'd sell it or use it to access Hulu etc. Blue ray doesn't let me access BYUtv.org
There's an Albertsons on main street.. Well, it's a Fresh Market now.
Cassie only works 4 hours a week so she can keep getting her discount at Ross.
I text and call Griffin every day but no response.
Oliver and Cassie have been so wonderful to me.
I'm just counting down the minutes until I can close the store.
Robin, Meg, and Crissy are coming to the chili cook off. Jaremy and Jon too. I think Luana and Blake too.
At Fran's request, because of her olympic pride, she asked that Griffin and Beth take her ice skating.
Cassie gets overwhelmed having to watch 3 kids.
For $100 bucks you can rent the conference room at my apartment complex.
The Jazz sure are gonna be terrible this year.
I think Enes Kanter's gone after this season.
Jim McKim used to shoot the most beautiful hook shot you've ever seen. His brother taught him.
I got blue and white Aggie suspenders for Oliver.
Very impressed with Tom Arnold.
Terry and I had a plan to go live in Beaver dam and work as valet parkers at the golf course.
I sound a lot better, don't I??
I found my secret shopper job on KSL. That's a reputable place! No, I don't know the company's name
Am I supposed to send in my W2 with my taxes?
Lonny and Lynette got me a new printer to replace the old one that Christian gave me years ago.
Gordon Hayward can't shoot at all.
Hillary just treats me like crap. But I'm used to it.
Trey Burke sucks. I'm not impressed AT ALL.
I hope Jimmer drops about 30 on Sacramento when they play in a few days.
I went to Wal-Mart to look for a plunger and they didn't have any! Not a single one in stock.
Hillary's birthday is coming up here. Maybe we can meet some evening and have a "Christmas-y" evening.
I made a couple batches of peas and potatoes and Oliver and Cassie say they're great.
You guys think I'm gonna retire and do nothing but that's false! I want to find a 10 hour a week job.
Employers don't WANT you to work the last 2 weeks. They know you just don't care anymore.
My new place has an absolutely GORGEOUS, GORGEOUS conference room with a big TV in it.
I was at Oliver's the other night watching Ainslee run around and dance to Christmas music.
Yeah, 29 is a no-nothin birthday. Who cares? Ya know
Terry's painting a big commercial buliding and living in it too.
Tell "Frantsy pants" hello.
Sometimes people have good intentions, but something happens and they can't get it done.
Well, this Excel program is even older and less functional than my last.
Ed Fisher told me he'll consider me a failure if I don't make at least $4,000 a month.
I've never cooked anything in a crock pot but chili 1 time.
What did I do today? Oh, just some banking. I was out banking.
Matt Carlino is leaving BYU because Dave Rose hurt his feelings by not starting him.
What size is Fran? I'll ask Hillary...
Your heated seats are a great hemorrhoid treatment.
I watch this designer show all the time. These 2 brothers Property Brothers.
The Jazz have completely mismanaged the entire season.
I just want a car that gets 30 mpg on the freeway.
I heard the dunk contest was terrible.
Are you there? I just never know cuz my phone drops calls all the time.
Jon said "I think your highs are not real high and your lows are real low."
I need your new address. Also, is there a Subway or IHOP near you?
*Selfie at work*
I need a maritime clock, you know like ocean boating.
My new apartment is right behind Wal-Mart.
Well I'm glad SOMEONE can be outside today and having fun. 
I could see Kristen getting me a Roberto Clemente thing
I've already got $700 in spiffs from my boss!
Oliver's not right there with you, is he? Ok, good
I baby sat sleeping sisters today. Very cute together.
I live in a palace. Really. It's the nicest place ever. If you don't believe me, just ask Hayden.
I have been sick to my stomach for 2 weeks. Also aches and chills but it goes in waves better and worse.
Frances really does look German, you know that?
Terry deserves better, but he's like me. He's made some bad choices.
I found snowman wrapping for Fran's gift that looks just like the one she built the other day.
I didn't go to the Christmas party last night because I hate Karl so bad.
Lonny LIVES on Facebook.
Emailed you the girls wishing me Happy Birthday. Watch how Mads follows up from Jan and wishes me a we on wonder birthday.
Oliver is forcing me to get a Christmas tree this year.
Hillary goes out of her way to be ignorant to me.
I have to meet with the manager and the general manager EVERY MORNING from 9 to 930! MORNING.
Am I hearing cheese??
Jimmer now shooting 55.5% from 3.
Oliver and Cassie are withholding the kids from me. 
I can't even remember being this sick.
I can't stop getting chills. I guess I should have got a flu shot *cough cough*
I have a friend in Florida who can get you a great deal on a bed! Can you drive to Jacksonville?
At least with me, I had better sales than Doug and I kept the store spotless.
I'm not impressed with Dennis Lindsay so far.
Shannon's son Michael got diagnosed with mild epilepsy. So she has that to look forward to
Terry and I wanted to live in Beaver Dam and get $1 dollar hot dogs at the casinos.
I'm just here decorating my Christmas tree silver and blue.. Oh yeah.. I guess those are just BYU colors.
Serious there isn't a better actor or role than Spader in Blacklist.
I had my taxes done weeks ago but I'm not mailing it in to those crooks until April 15th.
Let me know how you like the outfit I sent Fran. I don't know what Griffany think. They didn't dress her in it or say one word to me.
I'm not gonna make a TON of money at my new job, but that's not really what I'm looking for anyway.
I've ordered a 'nutra bullet', it's not just a blender, it takes the food and pulverizes it to the point where you can drink it.
Hannah sticks to her like glue. It's amazing to watch.
I put in a good recommendation for Lonny at Fisher Furniture.
If I give my 2-week notice and they refuse it, don't they still have to pay me for the 2 weeks I would have worked?
There's a choir up in Logan that Lonnny and Lynette want to join.
Europe always beats us in the Ryder cup because the guys are all friends with each other and room with each other.
Oliver was special and you were the glue and magic wand that held it all together. Great job.
You went to Denver? Why didn't you sneak on over to SLC?!
Hillary says there is a picture of Emme praying. Please send it to me.
Exum tweets he didn't think he'd drop to Utah. Had refused a workout with them and said he didn't fit.
Lonny really chaps me.
Thanks for advice. Good news computer rebooted during night and is back up running.
You've never heard of Blue Bloods? It's in its 4th season!
Oliver keeps going out and getting tattoos.
I lost 22lbs in August. These colon cleanser pills are absolutely amazing!
I like that white kid from Creighton. Doug McDermott.
I can't get my bed this weekend. Lonny won't let us do any kind of work on Sunday. It's forbidden.
I invited Griff and Beth to the Bar J Wranglers and they said "Tell us the time. Tell us the place. We will be there."
Cassie sent me a text earlier ripping me to shreds.
That Dead Sea salt is VERY special because of Hillary's Jewish heritage.
I wish Beth had her camera up here. There's a light fog surrounding all the trees in Logan.
I told Oliver that he's finally stooped down to Amber's level.
I scored points with the girls sending them puzzles. So easy to please. They love everything.
Looks like Quin Snyder's a big drinker. Hopefully he will be the man. If not, we will know soon
Hayden saw me wearing shorts and said what's the matter Grandpa did you get your pants scared off? Funny kids.
Their smiles and playing together make my heart sing.
I've kind of gotten numb just sending things through Amazon. It's just so lazy and easy and convenient, ya know?
I'd like a big bowl of Nancy Whitney chicken noodle soup. Cold windy and freezing rain. Stay warm today.
Boston gives up 67 points in the 1st half against Philadelphia. Watch the Jazz play like it's game 7 of the finals
My boss wants me to be the face and voice of Fisher Sleep Center!
Computer is officially dead.
When you guys get to UT you should swim in my pool!... After the old people are done with laps.
Did you see the Instagram pic where
Ainslee just makes me smile and feel so happy.
You know, I think Griffin is just shy about coming on Saturday alone because it's a baby blessing and not just a pizza party.
That's what I'm gonna do... pound myself with protein and grains.
Sorry friend. I keep posting on my sons post and it shows up on yours. Probably not making much sense to you.
Jimmer can still play in the NBA. You just give him an opportunity.
I need to stand up to get circulation back in my legs.
I bought Maddie something from Frozen. I figured that was modern enough for her that she'd like it.
College students take up all the parking places at my apartment.
Lottery prediction. Boston moves up to work.
Your new roof is looking good.
I first read 'trombosis' and thought you were celebrating trombone players!
Hannah and Hayden stay over with me once a week. They love it.
Oliver needs someone like his brother to hang out with instead of one of his "buddies".
Text hasn't been working. Please text me back.
There will be healthy snacks at the chili cook off too. After all it's Kristen sponsoring it.
Grant returns to Ghost Hunters next week for 10th anniversary show #200. Don't know if he left on his own or if there were feelings.
Oliver continues to remain silent and withhold kids from me.
Did they get Emme from another planet? I mean, where does someone like that come from?
Lonny and I - we're always getting the shaft.
What about matching gowns for the sisters? Would Jan like that?
I got Lynette some moisturizer and some skin stuff.
I can't be hacking and coughing all over the customers.
I was watching that Tom Cruise movie... End of tomorrow? It's a cross between War of the Worlds and Groundhog Day.
That is a beautiful statement. That precious little girl is glue for the family.
I'd love to go to Fran's recital on Wednesday, but my knees hurt so bad I might not be able to make it.
Once again, there are no parking places at my apartment.
Karl's a liar and a cheat.
When Ainslee saw me she said "My Gage! My Gage!" She thinks my name is Gage.
I love being their Grandpa!! Hayden is pretty all right too!!!
Watching Ryder Cup online. Europe is better in every way than USA. We miss every critical putt and Europe hits everything.
Oliver sometimes comes into the store to work off his debt a little bit. He'll help me move beds and such
Fran used to collect things in that little Jack-o-lantern for 2 years.
Doctors don't know what to treat anymore. Illegals flooding the border bring disease from all over South America.
That Emme what a happy spirit.
The teeth on the right side of my mouth look like your pumpkin.
I would love to bury the hatchet with Oliver, but he won't let me.
Hillary, I don't care what you say. That baby was smiling at me!
Last year Heidi had my name and she made me a quilt.
Oliver makes uncle Jaremy laugh really hard.
I was going to be a secret shopper. Turns out it was just a money laundering thing.
What's your brother doing today? What do you mean which one? The one who lives by you!
Ask Grandpa Randy if he can do that.
Can I get this picture of a fish?
Is someone trying to destroy the Jazz? I like Alec Burks, but give me a break!
Is Fran finally feeling better? I text and call every day with no answer.
I have a GREAT track record for buying cars.
Oliver got 2 couches for $100 each. They need to be cleaned, but he could probably sell them a Hispanic family up here.
How cute. Mannequins of the girls. So lifelike.
Jackson Hole is only a short 2 hours and 45 minutes from Logan.
Oliver was planning on contacting you.
I also love Blue Bloods. Anything with Selleck or a Wahlberg is great.
Would Fran like Minnie Mouse pajamas holiday pajamas?
Christian went out and bought 2 new cars.
I couldn't go out your front door, there was too much snow. You're going to have to shovel it.
I'm not going to Oliver's for Christmas. I'm just gonna stay home and stay warm.
I was gonna talk to you about Jimmer but I've gotta go.
Lynette's parents live across the street and they're just the worst.
That Hayden is one great guy.
Fran likes bugs.
Multiple comments today say Trey Burke will be dumped somewhere down the line.
I got Lynette some dead sea moisturizer too. Not a big bottle like Hillary.
He-llooo, my son from South Carolina!
Hey listen, the family reunion is up in Jackson Hole and Cub river this year. It's in August instead of July.
My phone won't let me save pictures of Frances on it. How do I do that?
The stuff's really hit the fan with Oliver and Cassie.
Goll Susan and Kathy are some of my best friends.
Cousin Frances could sure have some fun camping with her cousins!
Why did they short my commissions? Because they're crooks. That's what they do.
Ainslee has the strongest hands of any baby I've ever seen.
Oliver wants me to get a really nice apartment in Logan. But I'm not gonna spend 1/3 of my check on housing!
It's the weirdest thing my Hulu only plays commercials.
When something has been in inventory too long, Ed throws it out. Well, he discounts it deeply.
The kids are eating chocolate and ice cream. Good breakfast, huh?
Do you like my Hawaiian shirt? The sleeves were too long so Lynette hemmed them for me.
Ainslee dancing makes my heart sing.
I'll probably need 2 to 4 weeks to save up a little more money for a new place.
I'm turning my store into an entire Serta store.
Rent is $612 but it's another $69 bucks for dish and internet.
The guy I'm replacing knows a lot about mattresses, but he's a loser.
Small Mother's Day gift headed Bethany's way. Keep your eyes peeled.
Luana and Blake always have to drive so far.
If I mail my taxes at the post office first thing in the morning on April 15th, I can beat the rush.
Ainslee calls everybody "Gage". She was feeding me pizza and saying "Here, Gage."
There's no thread count on those sheets. They're microfiber!
I've got my place all ready for you guys to stay on Saturday night. What??? You're not gonna stay??
Your pumpkins look great as always.
Jim McKim's dad died 2 months before he turned 102.
My secret shopper job is not money laundering! They send you the money and then you send it out of the country for them.
Goll. It's colder in St. George than it is in here Salt Lake. Can you believe that?
I fell the other day and smashed both my knees on the concrete and the x-rays today said 1 is fractured.
Call your bishop and tell him to cancel your stake president meeting tonight because you're moving and you don't want to talk to him.
Darling new dress you have Fran. Goods job.
Ok. Don't think Griff any need anything. Can't reach them. Cute white headboard footboard full set for one of the girls.
I think Jabari Parker may drop a little to 3. Teams don't like his defense or effort. The Jazz should draft him.
Aunt Kathleen was dying, and then she caught shingles and lyme disease.
Do you need a Queen headboard?I would buy it if Oliver would store and then bring it to you. Huge discounts at cost.
I got Lonny some pecan popcorn.
Ed Fisher just called and said he is excited to have me.
Shannon said that Michael has a date to the preference dance.
Jason Statham has the best 3 o'clock shadow.
I never got into Sons of Anarchy. The guy's chin freaks me out.
What size are Fran and the Carolina kids?
Oliver said he'd only need me to make 2 car payments for him, but it's been 7.
My friend Susan in Florida does Thanksgiving and Christmas a week early with her kids.
Griffin loves elongated toilets with a good flush.
Sorry I missed your call. I was skyping with Christian.
I think Cassie should become a certified veteranarian assistant.
I had to go get the plunger from my store to fix my toilet at my apartment.
Did Bethany's gift arrive? Let me know if it hasn't.
I'm talking to you from my new Galaxy phone.
Oliver got me a new phone so I gotta go over there and pay him for that.
We've got 2 or 3 of the iPod mixers.. Or whatever they're called. The little square deals.
Every time I try to come to Salt Lake I'm either sick or there's horrible weather and I can't bear the horrible traffic.
Is Fran eating Boo Berries in the video??
Frances is going to be a brainiac.
They're basically having a drunken orgy.
Shannon said she was typing at her computer today and she could see her breath.
When I was in the hot tub with Hannah the other day
Ainslee kissed me, then she reached out and hugged me as tight as she could.
Isn't Ainslee cute in her new pajamas?
The kids are lots of fun in the hottub. Come join us sometime.
I think my eyes... I went to the eye doctor a year ago and my vision is just not great. I think my staff infection is effecting my vision.
My cousin Norma Turner works at the Bar J's ranch.
Alec Burks 4 year 45 million contract? Are. They Jazz crazy? He is a 5 million guy.
I just want a place in Logan that's cheap, but not in a slum.
Google "Steve Smith." He'll get you a great deal on a bed in Orlando.
Just listen to this simple clear rendering of 'Close to you' from years gone by.
The guy I'm replacing just broke up with his girlfriend He's 54.
Your co-workers dad was voted prettiest eyes in high school. See if he knew that about him.
I'm going to hit this guy in the mouth, he's such an ass!
Did I wake you? Well, let me just tell you this one story and then you can go back to bed.
Not to mention beautiful and unique Hoopes girls in SC.
You're moving to Simpsonville? Well at least it's not Homerville!
I carried over 10 totes upstairs (only 4 in the apartment).
I don't want to fill my apartment with crappy crap yard sale furniture.
Ed Fisher interviewed me and he asked me "how's your health?"
I loved seeing your kids and meeting Emme. Did you hear what Frances said the other day?!
I think Hillary would really like the WWE channel.
I was so sick. I just laid there saying "I think I'm going to die I think I'm going to die"
Token Father's Day gift was emailed to you thru Amazon deals. Check junk mail too. I was notified it shipped as e-card.
I just learned how to forward videos to email and tect.
On Thursdays, Jan goes into the school and volunteers for an hour.
Wipe Out is funny again. I'm catching up in between customers. I hit bonus Saturday and have already hit for today.
Cassie's dad and I went out and helped them refinance their car. 
I've got to be really careful about quitting. I could see Karl withholding my commissions He's done it to other people.
They fired one of the managers at Christian's work and promoted him. They're gonna fire more people too!
Derrick is Amber's boyfriend who lives with her, you know?
My toilet overflowed and I had no plunger!
An ugly lady went to the doctor and he said 'you have Zachary disease. Your head looks Zachary like your bum!'
Got it. It's a tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich day in Logan.
I have no idea what Oliver is doing and only occasionally talk with anyone else.
I haven't talked to Oliver in over a month.
Anyway, go take care of your women folk.
Sorry Bro. I have been quite I'll for the past several days. By th r time I get home I just crash a nd burn. I'll do better for Christmas.
Im so proud of myself. Im the best salesman ever.
Fran was snuggly? Why would she be snuggly to you but not to me?
Almost to Jon's cabin. Phone service only in town. Not at cabin. Back on Tuesday afternoon.
They say Jimmer shows up to home games 90 minutes early to sign autographs and give tours of the facility to fans.
I've been watching the BBC version of Robin Hood. It's good... There's 39 episodes.
So it turns out Jimmer's on a 5 year contract. He's making some pretty good money...
Under Siege is a great movie!
My TV quit. 2 days ago I was watching it and the sound turned off. click! So I went upstairs and asked the guys if their TV had sound.
Hayden's probably not going to attend a single day of college. Ha!
If you don't have a Thanksgiving invite, come to Ogden and Ill take you to Chuck-a-Rama.
I got my W2's last night. It was the least amount I got paid ever.
Jimmer has a new shoe coming out today. It says "Jimmer" on the sole of it.
I'm going to pay an accountant to find out how I can take early retirement.
I don't put much credence into what Oliver has to say
You like my $5 dollar shirt?
Have you heard of the band called "The Muse" the guy has such a voice!
Shannon's gained all of her weight back, plus 40.
Tiger is back today. What an amazing shot. Jack Nicholas says it's the best shot he has ever seen.
Griffin and Beth are very cautious about who they invite over to their house...
Well Jon gets back tomorrow and I get to find out if he'll let me live up at the cabin and retire...
Why does Bob get a mention in every memory for Fran?
I took pain pills for my back and I've been nauseous for the past 36 hours.
Karl does no advertising for the Riverdale store...
There's supposed to be 80 mph winds blowing in a storm tomorrow. Hurricane force winds!
What do Utah and BYU students have in common? They each applied first to BYU.
Now that Uncle Jon is back, I'm going to see if he'll let me move back into that condo in St. George...
Goll! Why don't more people have their blinds open so we can see their Christmas trees??!
Kristen's spaghetti is just noodles and tomato sauce and a little bit of Italian seasoning on top. It's just the worst.
Bronco just had the worst play call in BYU history...
I have no idea what Im doing. No clue.
Is Frances excited about tonight's BYU game?
I just got back from Jon's cabin. I spent three days there drinking water and working out.
Terry just needs to tell his wife "you can be a vegan, I won't judge you. Im just going to live the word of wisdom." 
The internet on a mac has no search bar!
Even if I quit, I could probably get food assistance for 30 days
We had a committee meeting today but we had to kick Katie out cuz she just goes and tells Karl everything we say.
Colm Meaney has the tiniest little mouth! It sinks in!!! HE HAS NO LIPS!
There was a time when I read nothing but Louis L'Amour books...
Christian and I sure had a great conversation driving to Milwaukee for 2 days.
Griffin is strikingly handsome! Those perfect teeth and olive skin... He's just stunning...
You're all sacrilegious!
I'm singing a song I hate.
I would ask Lonny for gas money but he's had me over for dinner so often...
So is there a secret to your internet? Cuz it's not working anymore...
Lonny and Karl went up to Rexburg to sing in the choir. They still haven't come back yet...
Mike isn't avoiding Oliver, he's probably at the cabin... Yeah, he's avoiding Oliver. It'll probably cost Oliver the kids...
If I move in with Lonny, that will save me $300 dollars a month.
I think Cassie is turning 30 this year...
Oh, someone just rear-ended me. But I'm not getting out of the car. It was really just a tap...
Someone's at the door for me??? Tell them Im not here! 
Cassie is pregnant??! This is the answer to my prayers!
Lynette said she would cook for me while I live there. It's like a wife without the nagging!
Frances is so full of life and Maddie is so well behaved and obedient!
I told Karl I'd work at the Midvale store on 2 conditions. 1, that he don't yell at me. and 2, that somebody else do mattress loads in the truck.
Im just gonna go make me a plate of Swiss cheese and pickles.
Oliver has to drive 220 miles round trip every weekend.
I've only lost like... 11 pounds in the past 7 weeks. It's just too hard to lose weight in the winter... You can't do it.
You should keep your mouth shut!
This truck is driving so slow! I'd honk if they didn't have a BYU sticker...
Im always the loser at the party.
You know Lady Gaga's parents are LDS?
Im going to bed. I already know how the game ends.
Why can't I click on Excel?? Is it because of the warning that says my software license has expired?
What can I have for instant protein?... cheese.
This job has the worst boss and owner in the history of the world.
Is this an Adele song? I like this song.
If I can retire and live on $1,200 dollars a month, I'll do it. And if I can't, then I won't.
The TV doesn't work!
Are you in the canyon yet so you lose reception and I can hang up on you?
Jon's going to help me pay for a dentist.
I have Aunt Heidi for Christmas and I think she'd like a picture of me.
Lonny and I are the only non-geeky computer people in the company.
Hillary and Oliver are mental.
When I got to the hospital they told me I had TWENTY spider bites.
Wesley Matthews is a ball hog.
I could probably write my own series of country western novels...
Lonny and I are doing Christmas at the store. We got a 3 foot tree from Big Lots. It's gonna go right there on our desk.
Lonny always thinks tomorrow is the end of the world. The actual end of the world.
Steven Seagal is so cool. His hands move so fast!
Cee Lo is the worst judge on the voice. He and his little T-Rex arms...
I tried to go downtown and see Hillary in the parade... but it was just too hard...
I barely use my Kindle at all. Customer service said the battery should last 3 years, but I used mine up in 6 months!
Karl wants to fire Lonny first, and then me. 
Dang Lonny! I love him to death but he's the most inefficient person I know. He just doesn't care about anything.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN everyone!!!!!!!
Barry wrote a letter to Karl telling him that moving me to rover is a huge mistake.
I once gave a 20 minute prayer in church.
Karl called me into his office the other day and I thought "well, here it goes. I'm gonna get fired."
Ive gotta go, Ive gotta get my soaking wet socks and shoes off.
Hillary never told me she went to California...
Do you watch 'Ghost Adventures'?
I need you to go look in your basement to see if there's any protein shakes left down there.
David Caruso is pretty cool... everything he does.
Does Frances like going to the Museum and the Aquarium?
I never thought I'd see the day when Robert Anae was calling the plays.
You would LOVE the Bar J Wranglers.
Goll, Frances is smart. So incredible!
Natalie recorded an E.V.P. on her cell phone that said Charlie.
When am I allowed to come home?
I can barely walk! I have bone spurs in my heels!!
I'd much rather be at your place for Thanksgiving.
Do you even remember me letting you go hungry?
I think Oliver is much happier with Cassie than Amber.
Kathy Smith the VP in St. George is the full-time grant writer in the governor's office. You remember Kathy, right?
Max smells horrible.
Ron Boone says that Derrick Favors didn't work at all last summer and came in to camp with no new skills.
I asked to be scheduled off for the family reunion but they still made me go in to work for 3 hours.
I can only get you guys maybe 1 present each for Christmas this year. Im sorry, I just can't get everyone 4 to 5 like I used to!!
You gotta see this guy on YouTube.. JUST.. look him up! PLEASE!
What's that sound? A dog? Oh it's Frances???!
Im very health conscious!
What do you think Christian is doing right now?
Some big paper company leased out the building that the Salt Lake store is in. I dunno if their name is Dunder Mifflin...
Everyone drops what they are doing to run and see BOB.
Jesse and Jennifer didn't want Kristen's Thanksgiving Cooking.
Im not telling you how much weight I've lost you're just going to be a stupid jerk about it.
I got in big trouble cuz my co-worker at a different store told me Karl said he could close early, so I did too.
I had to buy a new battery for my car. They charged me $200 dollars to do it. 
I think Ill get Griffin some golf balls for Christmas and label them from Tiger Clause.
Bob's not a grandfather or parent to anyone I know.
Jon knows everything about me! Down to the penny.
Im trying to get a volleyball autographed by Taylor Sander to sell at the family reunion.
The bank is in the pie!
Did you wake up to take care of Frannie?
That's Obama math... sorry Griffin.
The keyboard is dead with anything Excel. Can't even delete.
I just got past THE BIGGEST MATTRESS WEEKEND OF THE YEAR.
Terry's probably moving back to Wyoming with his wife. Mainly so he can have a hot shower again.
Well she asked for money so I gave her my last $150. 
I don't even use my Kindle anymore. I just use my phone to watch Netflix. It's a smaller screen, but I don't care...
So before bed do you just watch some Netflix before drifting off to sleep? What?? you read the news? That's dumb.
I grew up eating fudge and popcorn on Sundays and watching Bonanza. 
I had to take my car into the shop because the entire thing short-circuited.
I listen to country music. I do!
I've been throwing up every hour since 2 in the morning.
This penguin picture reminds me of Christian, Jan, and the kids. What do you think?
I know the gifts I got Hillary are stupid and silly and she can't use them. But they're also fun... and creative...
Oliver needs a Christmas tree for his ward party so I've been driving around looking for a used one.
When I visited Susan in Florida, it was so humid we had to wear headbands!
BYU has the most conservative play calling.
Karls overcapitalized... Or underfunded? I dunno. Hes spread too thin.
Shannon said it was 112 degrees in St. George today.
I hate what Mattress Firm does. Theyre crooks. But boy do they sell
One Christmas a couple years ago I almost bought you a sleigh ride and bbq at a dude ranch outside of Park City...
I told Karl to stop watching us on the cameras 24 hours a day. But he said he wouldn't stop.
Well my car is broken I probably need a new engine.
You got new phones? Do they work?
Christian is a social retard.
I just sold a bed to some lesbian gals from Wyoming.
Amber is freaking out of her mind at Oliver. 
I just fell down the stairs and broke both my ankles and severely sprained my wrists.
Are you on Instagram? Jan posts pictures all the time on there...
While at Kmart, I found a great outfit for Maddie.
Goll... Karl went behind our backs again and raised the prices of all the mattresses.
Another mattress company offered me double pay and double benefits... But I don't want to bounce around.
Jon's going to be paying for some of my dental work here coming up.
Does Frances have anything she can do for sharing time at the family reunion?
Christian and Jan are picky eaters? Good to know. I will play it safe. Do you like PB and honey?
Are you getting Fran a toy for her birthday? I hope we're not getting her the same thing...
Don't you think Oliver would love a pair of cowboy boots? He lives in a rural area...
They told me after my double hernia surgery that I'd be on my feet the next day. I missed work for a week!
Cassie updated her Facebook page and her name now says 'Cassie Fullmer Hoopes'.
Jimmer's struggling to make shots. He's just trying too hard.
Uncle Jaremy visits me about twice a week because there's a JoAnn's Fabrics right by my work.
We looked up your dance website. There aren't any pictures of you on the site.
Daryl's brother used to work at area 51 for many years. 
Kevin O'Connor is a moron.
I've been feeding the dogs pizza because Oliver didn't buy them any food.
Max is the best. Hes just been laying next to me here all night. Nora, get down!
Griffin told me that he is going to vote for Romney.
Karl gave me a hug.
A sheriff is proposing ankle bracelets for seniors. You and your siblings no longer have to worry about me.
What you need to do is soak cheesecloth in rubbing alcohol & wrap it around your neck with Vick's vapor rub.
Granny wasn't born normal.
Shannon said Daryl quit his part-time job because it was too much pressure.
Im just counting down the hours til I drop Dar off at the airport.
I bought Terry a can of Vienna sausages at the store as a gift.
Well, BYU lost so I have nothing left to live for. I used to care about them, but not anymore...
Lonny and I know just enough about computers to be dangerous.
Did you see that Jimmer link I sent you?
Oliver's mad at me because I can't watch his kids while Cassie has the baby. Karl thinks selling mattresses is more important.
They say there were cows flying all over the place in those tornados!
So did Griffin ask you to babysit on the 26th yet?
If Christian moves to Miami he'll be surrounded by Hispanics & retired Jews in high rises... Just like that Seinfeld episode!
The Jazz suck. They need to trade everyone.
If electric cars were REALLY the answer, the free market would have already gone that route.
I liked to take all my dates to the cracker barrel in St. George. It had a little bit of everything.
Oliver says I can't complain unless I'm gonna do something about it... And that's probably good advice.
Cassie hugged Hannah for about three minutes and listened to her day.
Lonny was crouching down pulling weeds and Lynette came by and tipped him over!
What are you listening to? This guy can't sing at all!
Did you watch any of that rookie/sophomore game? They said the last 2 minutes was just a slam dunk contest! Nobody was playing ANY defense!!!
Do you like Howard Stern on America's Got Talent? Isn't he great?
Did you get a chance to review the kindle fire? If so, should I order it?
Shannon got tired of losing her remote control so they taped all their remotes in the house to a 2x4.
I have allergies so bad! I just take some cough medicine every once in a while. I probably should take Sudafed instead...
Remember when I sneezed so hard I tore the cartilage between my ribs?
I literally have no time to eat during the day. Last week I had a steady stream of customers from 12:30 to 6!!!
Bethany offered me a bottle of water. Those kids are the best hosts ever.
That'd be great if I could just work out for 2 hours a day.
It all went bad for BYU after Gary Crowton recruited a bunch of rapists.
Karls TV ads never even mention my store...
Cassie said I was the best father-in-law in the world and she loves me so much.
I watch Arrow and it's the best show on TV.
Oliver thinks I'm going to sit around while I'm on social security. No I'm not! I'm going to go find a part-time job.
You know Ryan Gosling? You know the actor?? You know he's Mormon.
My grandson is named Hayden. What's that? Oh Im sorry! Your son's name is Aidan???
Tiger is looking good in the US Open.
Terry loves you guys! He would do ANYTHING for you! ANYTHING! Unlike your mother...
Social Security office closes at noon Wednesdays. I'm going first thing in the morning.
Don't ask questions around Christmas time.
It's nice that Bethany likes to go to ball games...
Jon said you can stay at his cabin anytime...
I need to take home that bag of candy... It's for someone else.
Do you remember being sick at Knotts Berry Farm? We bought you a donut and hot chocolate and you were good to go!
Karl avoids things he doesn't wanna deal with... And he's bipolar.
It's been a long hard week...
Just when you think you can't find a better parent than Oliver, you turn around and there's Griffany. Then you see Christian and Jan.
Bronco is terrified of injuries. 
I was the subject of daily humiliation at the hands of my superiors at Zion's bank.
I hope you don't mind, but I went over to your house this afternoon and took a nap on your couch.
Im gonna go get some painkillers to take for my teeth.
I once lifted a Volkswagen Beetle off of Grandy.
People are saying Kevin O'Connor is a bad judge of talent. The rest of the NBA is getting no name guys who perform.
Karl has a wonderful singing voice.
I've got plenty more BYU and UTAH chip dishes in the garage I can sell.
So did Oliver think Andy would laugh or did Andy actually laugh?
I sure do miss Frances.
These hogs take over people's ranches! They kill deer and have giants husks... Yes I meant tusks!!
Goll! Lonny gets back in 2 days. My feet are exhausted!
I told Amber that she just needs to stop being insane, and she completely agreed with me.
Well, Natalie got her driver's license yesterday and crashed the car into the house.
If there was ever a kid with a more beautiful smile, it's Emmerson.
Things have gotten a little intense at the house since Lonny and Lynette got fired. It's not my fault though...
Nobody can wrap a present like I can!
Hillary LOVES Sting.
Karl gave me a $200 dollar allowance to buy American flags to put on our store.
Well, Jon has talked me into taking early retirement.
Do you watch Angel? He's Buffy's boyfriend...
Once I get enough shoe articles written, I can start doing golf ones!
Im going to ask Susie out by having her decipher a coded message from an Animorphs book.
I don't need a smart phone. I just need a phone that can take pictures, send email, and go on the internet.
Griffin and Jason Statham are twins. They were separated at birth.
Jake Heaps' mom is on BYU cougar chat EVERY NIGHT!
What was that place we ate at on your 12th birthday? Ah yes, Red Robin.
We need to trade Gordon Hayward for Jimmer.
Lynette wrote a nasty email to Karl for firing Lonny.
Jeremy Evans drew a picture of the temple. He missed his calling and should be an artist instead of a basketball player.
Cassie went in for her doctor appointment last week and they had to shock the baby 10 times to wake it up.
Jimmer only played 7 seconds last night...
I was out in the warehouse loading beds and my back was just killing me!
When I got here, Oliver's bishop was just leaving. Too bad-I was going to give Cassie a blessing.
I had to spend $20 bucks in gas to drive down and cover for Jonathan at the District. 
Susan wants Christian and Jan to come spend a weekend at her place.
Well... Shannon and Daryl have decided against the free house.
Michael doesn't know the difference between Christmas and the 4th of July.
I hate Hans Olson. He's a Utah homer. He hates Bronco... What?!?! I don't hate Bronco!
Cassie is demanding that Oliver get a tattoo of their baby's name to include her.
Usher is one cool guy. Shakira is cute too.
You talk to all of your siblings on the phone at the same time? Every day??
Why would Jan put my birthday guess down for Christian as 16? Why would she do that to me??
I bought you a new shirt! It looks like a 50's bowling team shirt!
The 4th of July is a big mattress selling day.
Oliver is probably just looking for a free meal.
Kelly Pickler is such a great little dancer on Dancing with the Stars.
Are any of you guys into The Piano Guys? Amazing performers...
Fran's face is perfectly round.
I just talked to Aunt Luana, shes sicker than a dog.
Do you ever watch Wipeout? The kids would laugh...
I want you to meet Barry. He's the dearest man on earth.
I haven't been to a movie theater in 2 years.
Did you see Jim McKim's comment was on Bill O'Riley?
The River Wild.. what a great movie!
If only this laptop had a mouse, I could copy and paste my articles.
Im going over to Lonny's house. It's his 68th birthday today and he's invited me over for lunch.
Ill be working until Im 80.
So it turns out the nanny was Mrs. Claus... But she was going by the name "Mrs. Clausberger."
Hillary isn't speaking to me because of my reaction to her blog...
I love grapes! I like to keep them cool in the fridge, and when you put them in your mouth they just POP...
Some customers just walked in, but it's OK.... So how was your weekend?
I've written to Bill O'Riley but they never read my stuff.
Karl hired a guy who's divorced and pays child support and has no income.
Christian was a smart baby, also retarded.. still is.
I keep the store at 68 degrees and have a fan on my desk blowing straight in my face.
You should come up to Jons cabin. There's no heater or air conditioner but that's ok, you can just crack open a window.
They're sure going to miss you at the family reunion.
Frannie cries every time I leave the room. Every time.
Cassie sure is good to Oliver.
Im sure in a different lifetime Bob and I would probably be best friends...
I like being around people and the grand kids.
Bronco Mendenhall needs to stop being a bishop and start being a football coach!
I can't believe after 60 years of life my best friend on earth would be my old high school girlfriend.
That just tickles me that Frances loves me so much.
Michael Buble is the best entertainer in the world.
Wow kids, look at that giraffe! Oh it's a nativity scene
Hillary's up in Logan this weekend. Probably so she can be as far away from the family reunion as possible...
Do you remember living at Puerto Del Sol? Those places were actually pretty nice!
I just made myself a protein shake.
And Frances was like "Dummmbo eewers." That's how she says ears. 
Do you still have access to the resume you prepared for me a few years back when I applied for mattress warehouse?
Very nice family photo at Grandma Hale's funeral. Griffin and Beth and of course Fran looks like a million bucks.
You watching The Aggies kick Ute butt? They may be the best team in the state...
I was supposed to spend the day in Logan with my friend Susan. She's here all the way from Florida!
I got some wrapping paper this year that has Santa and all his reindeer on it.
Did Christian respond? Yes? So does that mean he's up?
I've been working at the District on my day off. Bummer.
Hannah said "Grandpa, whip out that credit card!"
I cut the crap out of my hand today.
I can't drink much water at work. If I do, I've got so many customers coming in that I can't get away to the bathroom.
Your friend Emma is tall! Is she a nice girl?
Who's singing?? Jennifer Lopez???
Look at Linda's son's hair! I think it's criminal what she's done...
Oh, I have to go now. Some nice customers' daughters are destroying my balloon display.
Ok, I've lined up someone you can call about family life in Miami. She's a lesbian with a live-in girlfriend though...
Frances is a character...
Jeb Bush should run for president.
Lonny always came to work with a bad attitude. He was resenting having to be in the choir.
I threw up for 36 hours. My stomach was right in my throat. I couldnt even take a step without getting nauseated. My gosh it was horrible!
Has Hillary seen Oliver? I can't check with her.
I like to take all my first dates to the cracker barrel. 
Have you seen Oliver's decorations?
We're just waiting for Doug and Kris to get here to start Thanksgiving. They're late again.
I don't like being a human yo-yo.
Mattress Warehouse owes me a week's vacation.
Jan put my answer to Christian's age on his quiz as 16! It was a mistake on her end!!!
Lynette is making a watermelon shake right now. What?? It's tomatoes?!? Yuck. 
Karl sent me an Excel spreadsheet and wants me to draw a map of the store. How do I do that?
Cassie got me the new Galaxy Android as an early Christmas present.
Jon just bought me a 40 inch plasma TV. Too bad it wasn't the 50 inch one...
I looked at a place on 1900 North and Redwood. Talk about scary! That's like.. your car gets stripped overnight scary.
Im a drama queen. I am! 
What size is Fran? 2T?
The new guy doesn't greet customers, doesn't vacuum the store...
What's wrong with my computer?? It's not turning on! oh wait it just did.
Emme looks exactly like you. It's like someone took off your face and put it on hers.
The Jazz need to tank next year and get a top pick so they can go and get that kid from Australia...
Bronco Mendenhall is exactly like Ty Corbin. He doesn't play the younger, more talented players.
They say Jimmer is the best player in training camp...
Why did the Jazz let Wesley Matthews go?
That sippy cup you got me for my birthday is just about the best thing ever.
I heard that the Rock is going to run for office...
Kory and Karlee know more about you guys than I do!
Your cousin Ben, you know your cousin... he just got out of the hospital for kidney stones. I bet you'd care if he died...
Im in Sandy, send me the address to a post office now.
I had the best sandwich ever. It's chipped beef from the Deseret cannery on wheat bread.
Can you believe that stupid call Bronco made last night?
I'm throwing some gas in the car. I'm over here in Brigham City.
Is this Depeche Mode?
The day was dedicated to Jon and Kathlene, but Oliver stole the show.
The pig only peed a little bit on my shoe...
We had a lot of fun going to Dixie College basketball games didn't we?
The cabin isn't zoned for residential, so there's no beds inside.
Castaway reminds me of me.
Did you know there are Mickey Mouse Halloween parties you can attend in costume?
I need to go to the social security office and see what my options are.
Christian was so mad when he couldn't get breakfast at McDonald's at 10:30 in the morning...
I don't know how to make it any more clear. The bank is on the WEST and EAST side of the freeway!
Robert Anae is a total idiot. What play do you think he called on 2nd and 17? Draw! Right up the middle!
You need to put Susan's number in my phone for me. JUST SHUT UP AND DO IT!!
All our stores are doing terrible across the board.
Maddie's Easter present said it wasn't going to arrive until April 2nd, so I canceled it.
Amber's on vacation with her new boyfriend.
Hillary and Oliver are ruthless.
That'd be great if we could get Hillary up to the cabin.
I've been throwing up all night in the bathroom.
What is this guy doing? Is he going to bring his dog in the store? I can't have a dog in here crapping on the floor and the beds...
Dar tried to get me to go to the Maverick and buy her the biggest cup of coffee they had.
At this point, we're just as well off if Jake Heaps leaves.
That would be so much fun to roast hot dogs at the cabin.
Are you gonna get a palm tree for a Christmas tree? Oh, I used that same joke last year? Well, it's still funny.
My Netflix is broken! It's now just a tiny screen in the top left corner! It's never EVER EVER EVER EVER done this!
I walk laps around the store for 8 to 10 hours a day.
Jake Heaps gets worse every game.
I can't leave the store. Karl is probably watching me from the cameras.
The Jazz could sure use Jimmer couldn't they?
Aunt Heidi really misses you guys.
I crave grapes more than I crave any sweets.
I know Bethany likes photography. But does she like anything else?
Jon thinks I can get into subsidized housing for $300 a month.
Karl is psychotic. He needs medication.
All Lonny did was bash Karl and Obama.
Are you guys going to the cousin party?
It sounds like that guy on the Jazz with the hair is going to get more playing time.
They say that Jimmer's the real deal.
Why can't we get Jason and Hillary together?
Have you seen Jimmy Kimmel's white house correspondent's dinner speech yet?
Lonny is quitting the choir on the 8th because it makes him sick to be in the same room as Karl.
Have you ever seen pics of Frannie?
Beth's always good. She fixes leftover plates for people.
Im not looking forward to Kristens cooking on Thanksgiving.
Cassie laughed at me all night while I danced. I had a blast!
I spent the last 48 hours cleaning for BOB.
Id be sleeping with one eye open if I lived in the same house as Michael. I'm not kidding!
What a girl!
Al Gore wears a girdle under his suit so he won't look as fat.
You know Adam, your cousin... Borgia. Adam said if I moved to Denver he would work on my teeth.
Terry says every time a train goes by, his horse whinnies out in the field and runs away.
Beth was so adorable and great throughout the whole video. She was wonderful...
Bethany's Dad is the best.
I hate Justin Bieber! He's a total fairy dust.
Have you told Beth about that helicopter that crashed across the street from our apartment? 
What is toilet guy gonna do?? I mean, what IS he going to do?
She seems to be a very nice person. Not fake like Mary.
So does Hillary come over to your place all the time?
I cant get a haircut! Arts been on vacation!
Daryl quit his job that paid him $500 a month teaching special ed at school. 
Karl gave me a fist bump today.
I've been watching The Following. Wow. What a great show. It is SO intense.
Lonny and I don't have bad attitudes. We just don't have any customers.
It's not Bob's damn day!
Have you seen swamp people? it's my favorite show of all time.
Sorry I missed your call. We were in Jackson Hole watching the Bar J Wranglers.
You really think Hannibal is better than the Following? Well if that's the case, it's certainly not better than Vikings or Arrow. There's no way.
There was this great restaurant in Wisconsin called "The Smashed Potato" where they'd make baked potatoes.
Good job Hannah, I mean Maddie!
Want to try some of this halibut? Just for the halibut??
Uncle Mike needs to buy a pizza chain like Godfather's and hire me as the manager.
Im going to Lonny's house for lunch.
Goll... Oliver can't find anyone to watch his dogs and I don't have the gas money to drive up there...
There's rumors that Jeff Hornacek might hire Danny Ainge's son as an assistant coach...
My boss brought me crackers and ginger ale to my apartment. Goll, that was sweet of him.
Well, nice talking to you. Get back to watching your slaughter fest.
Susan wants to fly here and then we'll take a train to Canada, listen to music and look at the scenery. But I can't go. I don't get time off.
I've got a throw up bowl and a towel with me.
Jimmer is on such a short leash.
I hope Oliver stops throwing up. I need someone to install my dim headlights since both burned out today.
Lonny and I cancelled on the company Christmas party. They can stick their invitation where the sun don't shine!
I asked Christian if he was going to get me David Caruso's autograph while he was in Miami.
Newt Gingrich would be a great president! except for all of his terrible personal problems...
I rejoined Weight Watchers...
Things might never work out with me and Susan, but they could have.
I made Lipton corn chowder the other night at Lonny's house. A whole pot of it.
I bought Beth some socks. When can I drop them off?
I can drink as many protein shakes as I want in a day.
I thought Cassie liked my shoes but I think she was secretly laughing behind my back.
Have you been to Maddie's web page lately?
So Hannah today said "Grandpa you're losing so much weight. You're getting taller!"
The Jazz are now saying they think Paul Millsap is going to turn into a malcontent.
I better drive with 2 hands on the freeway. I don't have bluetooth.
Phil Johnson said everything could be blamed on the coaching.
I wake up and watch the Lifetime movie channel from about 5am-7am. I watch shows like "My husband is an axe murderer."
Cassie sells herself short. People DO like her.
I've taken so much ibuprofen for my teeth They hurt so bad. But it's ok
I need you to drop me off at the expo center so I don't have to park 2 miles away and wreck my back before my shift.
Did you see Oliver almost run me over with his boat?
Im not telling you what I got Fran for her birthday. But Im pretty sure you'll think it's great.
I just watched Netflix on my phone all day. That's not going to mess up my phone is it?
Christina Aguilera sure has grown up to be pretty... she wasn't before.
We can't give the air force guys a discount so we toss them in a free pillow case.
I haven't been to a doctor since Fawson retired.
I'm losing weight, but Hillary says I'm not.
I've just decided I'm going to have a good attitude about it. Oh, and I'm taking early retirement in January.
I walk Oliver's dogs probably 5 to 6 times a day.
So explain to me what you and Christian do for work...
Larry H. Miller offered me a job working at their used car superstore.
Amber's going to cost Oliver $30,000 dollars this year.
How do you like the gift wrap I did for Fran's present?
I've never seen anyone as stressed out as Oliver.
Hillary has banished me from speaking to her ever again.
What am I supposed to do??? Just hammer this into the concrete?! 
I was so mad that I called the Presiding Bishop of the entire church. And guess what? I got through!
Hillary loves my stuffing.
Made a batch of enchiladas and chili. Both very good.
I like Ogden 100 times better than Salt Lake.
I've lost 14lbs in 10 days. It's an accelerated Weight Watchers I'm on...
You're a stupid idiot I dont know how you can even compare your divorce with mine.
She's a really really great gal.
Im gonna just go and watch The Jerry Seinfeld.
Lonny thinks you are a more eloquent writer but he loves Christian. He thinks he's wacky!
Jimmer didn't get to play 1 minute last night.
That chili you made for dinner last night was SO good. What?? It was taco soup??!
I got a call from my general manager that said Karl hit the roof when he saw me make that deal.
Brigham City has subsidized housing. Jon and Kathleen have been looking for me. 
Giraffe spotted leggings and tunic haven't shipped yet. Hopefully soon...
Andra's curly haired kid sure is cute.
I don't need to exercise because I walk around my store *probably* 150 times a day...
The only thing I care about on my phone is how do I take a picture and how do I send it?
You know the wind never stops blowing in Laramie. 
Shaun the Sheep is stupid but Fran does like it. Yeah, it really is a great little show.
Fran is so young for school. She is a child genius.
I got Frances just something fun for her birthday.
There's that guy again! Look at him kink his neck! It's like he has a fishbone in his throat or something!
How can I forward a picture just received on a text to another text number?
I think, at the end of the day, that all I really need is just a 50 inch plasma TV.
Maybe the Jazz can trade Devin Harris straight across for Jimmer...
I think Patrick is cheating in the weight loss competition.
Andra's been so good to Hillary. You just can't find friends like that anymore.
Did you see the note I left you? Yes! the text. Whatever! It's the same thing...
Lonny's son stepped on an IUD in Afghanistan.
They're going to pay me on a debit card. What isn't reputable about that?
Sprite and egg nog are the best. A little egg nog and a lot of Sprite. Not 50/50.
Im getting Christian this stocking. It's totally Miami, it's got a crab on it.
Did you know that Ron Boone has his own line of men's ties?
I closed the store 4 minutes early and Karl called me and asked why I was closing. He knew because he's watching me on the cameras!
Look at this picture of me! Isn't that a good picture?
Rick Santorum is really smug and arrogant... But I heard him talking on Laura Ingraham's show and he's so smart.
Are you gonna call in sick to work on Friday so you can watch the BYU game?
*Slams door*
Have you heard Carrie Underwood sing "How Great Thou Art"? It will make you cry.
Will Hillary be coming over?
Even just breathing kills my teeth.
They fired Lonny. Did I already tell you that?
Amber is one sick girl.
I'm the 2nd most tenured salesperson in the company. Nobody wants to stay and work for Karl.
This Hallmark show is about 2 dogs that fall in love and get their masters to fall in love. That just insults my intelligence.
Will you look at this thing on the back of my neck? JUST. LOOK at it!
My phone... It just doesn't work at all. Just doesn't... When I send a text out it says "fail" and that means it didn't go through.
I haven't slept the last 2 or 3 nights because of my teeth.
I haven't had 2 weeks off in a row in over 2 years. Can you believe that?
Aunt Heidi is the best cook because she's been around Phil and his Italian relatives for years.
Wesley Matthews hasn't cut to the basket all night.
I've been invited to Lonny's for dinner.
I just updated my linked in profile to say "roving manager".
Go get my kindle so I can show Hillary...
I don't know why, but this sweater looks like Griffin.
Hillary and Oliver don't believe anything I say.
Goll, Karl changed our entire pricing structure this morning and set us all up to fail.
Lonny has choir practice all week so I can't bring you KC's Christmas gifts Wednesday.
I didn't get my base pay this week.
Your cousin Katie now lives with Rebecca in Texas you know...
It's just a really, really, sad story. Such a shame. 
I hear there's a room opening up at Toilet Guy's place.
I split my commission with Lonny even on days where I drive to SLC and am the only manager there.
I worked with that lady before. I would *probably* trust her with my life. Yeah, my life.
An opening just came up with Fisher home furnishings in Logan and I'm thinking of trying for it.
Sometime YouTube "CMA Country Christmas 2011" It's great. You will love it.
Hey Im going to take your laptop for a sec.. Crap! what happened? I just opened it and the screen broke off from the keyboard!
Maddie is a little Prima Donna...
They say now is the perfect time to for the Jazz to go and get Jimmer from the Kings...
I had to pull over and nap on the side of the road.
The last episode of The Office will bring you to tears.
You'd love Steven Seagal's band! They play a mix of bluegrass and jazz.
Jake Heaps' mom said on BYU cougar chat last night that the entire offensive line hates him.
I spent $300 dollars on PJ over the weekend.
Criss Angel disappeared from the top of the Luxor and reappeared across the street at the MGM Grand!
I think it's time Fran got a bed, but not a twin! She needs a full that will last her til high school... preferably a queen.
I've shown your blog to several people and they all think it's outstanding.
Everyone else are stupid jerks except me and Lonny.
I paid a cleaning company called "2 Gals Cleaning" $75 dollars for 2 hours to clean my apartment. Good deal, huh??
Rick told me that they were about ready to fire Doug.
I wonder if I could just email Christian my credit card number...
So I was talking to Shannon today you know Aunt Shannon.
This is the most athletic team BYU has EVER had.
10 years ago the most things that have changed is cell phones.
Cassie made a video of me dancing...
Did that just say BYU is shooting 2 for 15 for the 2nd half?? 2 for 15?!?!? 2 FOR 15????!?!?!?!????!!
I gave Cassie a giant light-up version of her dog, Gage. She told me she loves my presents-they're always so creative.
Did Oliver spend the night at your house?
Lonny's son got back from a tour in Iraq. He's been gassed 3 times and has been hit by five IUD's.
Has Bethany ever had one of my spam sandwiches?
I found a song you may like. The singer is Gotye and the song is "Somebody that I used to know."
At this point you almost want BYU to lose the rest of their games.
Im either watching Fox news or the Lifetime Movie Network.
I've gotta get to bed soon. I'm working a 12 hour shift tomorrow alone.
This chicken looks like it's part bald eagle!
I only have one more IRS payment left, then it's on to the paying back that unemployment overpayment...
Is this $80 laptop from 2004 on KSL any good?
This will be one of the first years I haven't spent Christmas with Oliver... It's kind of a relief actually.
Bronco is such an arrogant, stubborn, mule-headed coach. He has a personal relationship with Riley Nelson!!!
Do you think Michael Buble is gay?
Merry Christmas everybody! *storms out of room*
Goll! Mattress Firm opened up ANOTHER store. It's only 2 miles away from their other location! 2 miles away!!!
I brought a roast up to Oliver's house last Sunday...
I've been so sick. Everything I touch just turns to.... liquid.
Oliver can't find anyone to watch his dogs so Im gonna have to go up there every morning and night for the next 3 days...
My store is too big. You need somebody there to sell while the other person cleans.
I'm thinking of using my $500 dollar house deposit refund to have Oliver flip cars rather than pay my taxes...
For a long time there I thought the kids and I should have created a greeting card business.
Amber hates Oliver for life now
Ill find out on Monday if I live or die. That's when I get my commission check...
There are wild hogs taking over several states! They will attack you if you infringe on their food.
Key West is full of millionaires!
Amber's gonna move the kids to Vegas, you know?
There's a lot of things about Obama that people don't know...
Rulon had us lift a medicine ball over our heads, and then throw it to the ground!
Riley Nelson hates Ross Apo.
Remember when you and I ate at Tony Roma's and shared an onion loaf?
I got these pain pills from Griffin...
That was good of Hillary to come up...
I feel like the Jazz management always give fans the bird and don't care.
Cassie, go tell your supervisor to get me a shoehorn or Im going to have to try these on at Payless...
Well, I made payment arrangements with the IRS. It took a half hour! Well, most of that was hold time...
I get up every morning at 5 am and watch reruns of Dark Shadows.
Have you tried sea salt?
Im sick and tired and 9pm can't come fast enough.
I hate the Lakers. The rich get richer.
I can't even get my own daughter to call me back, and yet she CELEBRATES Bob coming to visit? CELEBRATES??!?!?
GOSH DANG IT SON OF A BEE'S WAX HAYDEN!
Dozer opened the bag of chips and ate them all.
You remember when Oliver was staying with my friend Patty, who's no longer my friend?
I thought you and all the other kids hated Michael Buble. I have been telling you all for years he is the best!
Why doesn't Ty Corbin take off his coat and get mad??!
I just read that Popovich is playing chess against Corbin who's playing checkers. That says it all.
Hannah has such perfect high cheekbones. Doesn't she look just like her mother?
Ill make you spam and eggs for breakfast.
I'm going into retirement with a smile on my face.
Andra has a good sense of humor. I like her posts on Facebook.
*Baaaa baaa ba ba ba Monday Monday*
Shannon tore her cartilage in her knee. So she can't walk.
When Oliver says "hey dad, why don't you come to the grocery store with me?" that means: "buy my groceries."
Ive wrenched my back so bad. I almost had to crawl out on my hands and knees tonight.
Hillary didn't know JFK was assassinated in Dallas.
Terry has a job as a bus driver, why can't I do the same??
Terry had to milk a cow and I walked him through it on the phone.
My bishop is paying for half of my dental work and Jon is paying for the other half.
I need to save some money to pay off my car.... Or help Oliver pay attorney's fees...
Christian's art is getting better all the time.
I'm on my old dinosaur phone. My new phone is broken and can't be fixed.
Who is this Lindsey guy the Jazz signed??
Im going to the library to type, can we get a TV box later?
Jon thinks I should trade in my car before it breaks down.
Reported asking price for Millsap is 3 year 10 mil a year. No way on Earth is he worth that. 
That drive from here to Milwaukee was the worst thing ever. My tailbone is still injured to this day.
My cell phone is dead and the charger won't work either. I'll work on it after work today.
Shannon has lost 700 lbs on the HCG diet. Can you believe it?
Karl won't take responsibility for anything.
I can't afford to watch Oliver's dogs for 5 days! But then he gave me $65 dollars for gas...
You're at work? Oh.. Well so am I, but I'm just laying on a bed.
Im heading up to Jon's cabin.
I have a girly scream.
Let's go eat lunch with Terry!
I'm making about $5.50 an hour after taxes while working 55 hour weeks. There has to be a better way to finish.
Nora and Max say hi.
Is this Buble? This is just beautiful. Just beautiful
They say Jimmer's coach is a flat out racist. He hates white people. "The man done me wrong." You know?
I want to be a tour bus driver in Zion's park. Wouldn't that be great?
I cried when I saw Maddie's treasures.
Terry adopted those kids you know...
Jon says he'll take care of me if I ever need anything.
I had an uncle who used to say "I'll race you from here to there with only 1 foot on the ground at a time."
Danny Ainge's son Cooper will play at BYU. He's not as good as his brother, but court smart like his dad.
I left a bag of clothes on your porch.
There's been 8 commercials so far! When will they end???!
Have you heard the new country song? It sounds like this: do la la do do do la.
Hannah went around the store and gave all the beds different percentages based on how much she liked them.
I need to have Lonny take another picture of me.
Ty Corbin is a fool.
I was just talking to Blake. You know his Dad died, right?
Have you talked to Oliver since he got his mail?
Luana is a mess. I don't know how she can take anymore.
So that's why I've had a rash from my leg to my foot for the past two months... A bright red rash.
I gave Beth a $25 dollar gift card and she said nothing...
Oliver's mad at me because I can't watch his kids on Monday and Tuesday.
When Jimmer hit that shot there were guys jumping off the Kings' bench waving towels.
I want to see Skyfall, but I haven't been to the movies in years.
My grandkids are saying Bob, Bob, Bob and they hardly know me...
Hayden said "Grandpa, aren't you proud of me? I ate all but 5 of the orange sticks from the top row."
I just don't want to go to Jon and ask him for help
Well, I got a pretty horrible, terrible life dug with this company. But I'm not complaining! hahaha!
It was really neat to see Jimmer's teammates cheering for him.
Goll.... BYU lost another commit from a junior college all-American linebacker to Utah.
I think it's really sweet of Aunt Heidi to comment on your blog.
Have you told Beth about the time that swat team came through our apartment?
I closed 4 minutes early last night and this morning my GM told me Karl saw that on the cameras.
I've put a lot of prayerful thought into it, and I'm going to retire.
I'm hoping you can all attend the family reunion but understand if you are living 2,500 miles away.
I wish Oliver hadn't quit Bed Bath and Beyond, but he did and there's nothing I can do about it.
Bronco needs to be fired.
Have you seen Christian's drawings on his blog?
I won a $25 dollar gift card to Texas Roadhouse and Hillary took it from me.
The sign holder put on Facebook that it was the worst day of his life. Broke my heart.
Did twilight spawn vampire diaries or did vampire diaries spawn twilight?
Susan is not stupid. She could be your future step mom.
I was at Ben Franklin today & that lady in housewares sure does miss you.
Maddie sang "Happy Father's Day" to me as loud as she could with the perfect pitch and tone. She was precisely in tune.
Have you seen that Seinfeld where Kramer says "look at it! look at it!" 
Conan the Barbarian???... Is there a remake out there??!?!?
I was doing so well over the holidays. I only gained 8 pounds.
I broke my tooth eating celery.
I'd only make an extra $250 a month if I retired at 66!
They made a rainbow colored Oreo in support of gay rights. I guess I can't eat Oreos anymore...
The thing that bothers me about Dave Rose is that he has a pig nose.
Do you watch Hannibal?
You're in St. Augustine?! My friend Susan has a condo there. Dang it to heck!
I'm working 65 hours this week. I don't even know when I can get laundry done.
Susan says the only way to escape Florida is to drive north.
I showed Karl my check from the Serta rep and he said "neato."
It's nice to watch the Jazz disintegrate...
Try some of this turkey bacon!
I've got a skin cancer on my arm. But I don't have insurance so I'm treating it with eggplant juice.
Oliver just spends all his time and money destroying his truck
Your car broke down? Just take it to my friend Wayne.
You don't think Emmerson looks like Christian? Look at her curly hair!! I know Christian doesn't have hair!!
Terry's cow is giving birth and he wants me to walk him through it on the phone.
Michael chopped his finger nearly off this morning chopping firewood.
Oliver purposely makes my TV too hard to operate. 
I'm gonna see if Karl will let me work 3 days a week. The other 3 days I can go to the gym for 2 to 4 hours a day.
Kris invited me to Thanksgiving, but she's a terrible cook. 
Webber from BYU is the worst offensive line coach in America.
Did you see Jimmer's clip from the last game?
I proposed while driving down the freeway.
Hillary says she likes her new job.
You guys don't know the real me...
I don't care what you say! I work 55 hours a week!
These new Serta perfect sleepers... I really like em...
Oh! I fell asleep there for a sec. Was I snoring??
When Roger French was the offensive line coach at BYU, he wasn't LDS and he cussed out all the players. But they won with him...
What's your opinion of a Ford Focus vs. Chevy Cruze?
TCU beat BYU in every aspect of the game. They were just outcoached
I mowed the front lawn but my back completely gave out.
Boy I sure wish I could go to the family reunion... Dang it!
Well it's been absolutely dead at the store for the past 3 weeks...
Do you or Beth have any rich friends or family needing a great buy on a bed?
Having HIV is just as bad as having an ingrown toenail.
Hey do you want a spam sandwich? 
Mattress Firm is going to put a new store just 1 mile away from their other store.
You need to try my shoes on. If you like them, they're all yours.
The kids have been terrible today. Just terrible.
Lonny never follows through with anything.
Lonny has never recovered from being fired.
I saw the Utah State arm wrestling championship at the fair. It turns out the smaller guys were better than the big guys!
Cassie worries so much. Dogs are almost like kids to her. Especially Gage.
I like my independence, but I may just move in with Lonny and Lynette to save some money.
If your tooth isn't deadened right when they start drilling. WOOOOO MAMA!
They're just never going to call palming in the NBA anymore are they?
Shannon is in charge of the family reunion this year. It will have a theme of "ART" Should be fun...
You know that little house in front of Jon's cabin? He said he would sell it to me for $400,000 dollars.
I've been to the Macaroni Grill... It's ok.
Have you ever tasted fusion? It's a mixture of V8 and cranberry!
I just need to sweat out the toxins.
Guy on Cougar board said the Lakers should give their nickname back to Minnesota and take their rightful name: The LA Smogs. Love it!
Why does Hillary hate me so bad?
Did you notice how many people with accents gave prayers at conference? The church sure is growing everywhere.
Did you know Tim McGraw had an affair with Taylor Swift?
There's literally NOBODY who can cover for me on Mondays.
I would love to live at Uncle Mike's place and drive the manure tractor...
Oliver had no money for groceries so I'm running him up a trunk-full.
Lala la la la la carry on la la la la. Do you know that song?
I'd trade Gordon Hayward before I ever traded Enes Kanter.
I bet Frances would like the zoo.
DO NOT call that baby a fetus!
Approve my request again to follow you on Instagram. It disappeared during the night.
What am I supposed to tell Rick when he takes my store away from me and makes me the roving manager again?
Have you watched The Killing?
I sold a mattress today but Karl raised the prices so Im going to have to give him SIX DOLLARS out of my paycheck for selling it!!!
I made 5 sandwiches and brought them to work for the week. They get a little soggy by Friday but that's ok...
I've been drinking cranberry juice and apple cranberry juice these days. It makes my kidneys feel A LOT better.
Fran gathers things and makes an altar in the backyard. 
These guys aren't playing any defense at all.
Fruit or vegetable that doesn't contain the letter A? Celery. My every day diet food.
Three of my teeth fell out. So I'm going over to Jon and Kathleen's this week to get treated with their equipment.
I put that I lost 14.4lbs in the newsletter. Was there anything else you wanted me to say?
I asked Oliver where he's getting all his money and he told me "drugs, Dad. drugs."
Lonny is going on vacation to a time share in Colorado next week. Last year he went to Arizona.
What a difference a baller like James Harden makes. The Jazz have ZERO playmakers...
I finished watching Buffy so now Im watching Angel.
Aunt Luana got me a card to Subway for my birthday...
Oliver tried to run me over with his boat!
If I died today Hillary and Christian wouldn't come to my funeral.
If I never called Hillary I would go til the day I died and she wouldn't talk to me.
I babysat Frances last night. I just took the baby monitor downstairs and listened for her.
Fun wrapping job I did though
Earl Watson cant hit the broad side of a barn.
That's our new sales manager, Jared. Nobody likes him because he hovers and preaches.
Well...long story short, I co-signed on a car for toilet guy and Im making the insurance payments.
Riley Nelson has been terrible.
Bethany had her gallbladder out?!? Nobody told me...
Is Fuddruckers gone and Madeline's in its place?
I know you don't like tomatoes, but I picked some from Kristen's garden for you anyway.
Try one of these carrot chips!
Cassie is a burger girl.
I didn't get my paycheck today. They must have not gotten it in the mail in time.
I like that Danielle Bradbury! I like the Swon Brothers too...
Fran could have the ultimate trick or treat party at Disneyland.
Did you know the Jazz are 9 for 31 from 3-point range this year? That's less than 10%
I think it's so sweet that Jan talks to Maddie with a puppet.
What's the name of the guy who co-created Seinfeld? Larry Sanders?
You remember my old friend Tom who used to sell cars? Yeah.. he was on the sex offender registry. 
Jimmer is popular in Europe and even China!
Enes Kanter's hair is jet black isn't it?
Can Jan recommend a good neural ophthalmologist in Cache Valley?
You know Oliver's friends, Joe and Ollie? Have you ever met them?
That Frances sure has a mouth full of teeth doesn't she?
I showed this new picture of me to my friend Susan in Florida and she said "you are one handsome devil!" 
Riley Nelson brings a lot of fire to the game.
What day is Emme's birthday? I know it's close... Never mind. I will guess.
David Locke doesn't even pretend to like BYU.
Did you get to see Fran before or after they brought her to me?
Have you ever been to a family reunion where they take a 2 hour break right in the middle of it?!?!?
Amber wants to sue Oliver for back pay in babysitting. She had her babysitter type up a note!
Look at my tooth! It broke off this morning when I was eating grapes....
Remember that time we went night bowling? We bowled for 3 hours and then the power went out. Then I got rigor mortis in my arm.
My landlord wouldn't spray the house for spiders so I bought some bug spray and set up mouse traps in the corners.
Do you remember new years eve 1999 when we bowled all night and then my wrist got crippled?
Hannah asked me "Grandpa, why can't mom and dad live in the same house? it makes me so sad."
Fantasia was really out there for its time.
How's our girl doing?
Oliver was working with my phone and accidentally dumped my entire contact list. Can you please send your phone numbers to me?
I watch Vampire Diaries which I hate cuz I hate the girl...
I bought this little fan at Wal-Mart so I can take it wherever I go. Isn't it great??
Do you think Bethany could take my picture and I could give it out as a Christmas present?
Gifford Nielson will be an apostle one day. They need a cool guy like him with great hair to get through to the youth.
Cassie has a heart of gold.
I'm finally going to file for early retirement in January.
It's been our worst month since we opened. Karl just won't advertise. And it's only getting worse...
You should just cut Gauge's leg off.
Christian doesn't have the confidence he needs to be strong in his job.
I found a discount dentist in Clearfield who comes highly regarded.
You haven't lived til you have tried Lonny's syrup.
You sent Maddie a care package?? But it's not her birthday!
Terry says hi.
Oliver called the guy who sold him the mower and told him it nearly cost him his life. Pretty ballsy move...
I take pills the same way Dr. Gregory House does. Down the hatch!
Oliver, your house smells horrible.
I can buy a wrist radio for $15.97.
How was the art show? Goll that was a nice jump shot right there...
There's a couple in Weight Watchers who have ice cream and brownies every week. They're cheating big time.
I fail at my job every day.
The new sales manager tried to make Lonny sign a paper that said his performance was unsatisfactory. But Lonny refused to sign anything.
You know what it's like to not have your grandkids even know you?
We have no TV or internet. We probably never will get it back.
Oliver took a picture of a hook he found that helps him dip Oreos.
Is there a "Charlie" on Beth's side of the family?
I was on total blue sports all last night watching the chat as I was watching the game.
We have to plan a trip to go up to Jackson to see the Bar J Wranglers.
Failure is always an option *snort* but Karl doesn't think so.
Jan always has those girls perfectly groomed. Isn't that amazing?
Hillary said that Christian is the only one who can make her belly laugh.
Oliver's answers to Christian's birthday quiz were pretty funny... Hot dog ice cream. Goll he's funny...
Sorry I missed your call. I had just laid down on a bed to watch politics and Lonny couldn't run to get my phone fast enough.
I wish we were called "All American Mattress". Then we could fly a flag over each store.
We need to plan a family trip to Wyoming to see my town of Fairview and then see the Bar J Wranglers.
Oliver was just here. He was cussing me out.
Susan wants me to take a week off and go on vacation with her. Her treat.
Why didn't anybody tell me that Bethany had her gallbladder out?!?
This guy is ok.. but he's no Criss Angel.
I met the withered old farmer from 'Napoleon Dynamite' in Idaho.
Isn't that the best wrapping paper you've ever seen?
Does any of Bethany's sisters want my shoes?
Look at these marks on my leg! That's where they found all the spider bites...
What are some hobbies and interests Bethany has?
Good luck getting top free agents to Utah.
I checked the want ads for mattress salesman jobs and it says 'Salesman wanted: Ogden Mattress Warehouse.'
Have you seen the shining? That's a scary movie!
Bronco Mendenhall is a terrible coach and Brandon Doman is even worse!
why do you park in the back of every parking lot? you're killing me!
My car needs 4 new tires. It's going to cost me $4,000 dollars.
I don't see any way BYU can score. Good BYU defense though...
Could Emme be more adorable? When big sis makes her laugh I smile inside out.
Im at the grocery store. Do you want a giant bag of popcorn?
Millsap has a bad attitude.
There is nothing wrong with me!
Miami doesn't look like Christian. He's just not a beach guy...
How about we have dinner at Jim's Family restaurant?
Oliver's life is a train wreck.
Well then the dogs are going to die. I warned you, Oliver.
What's Frances into these days?
Did you see those stats on Jimmer? He's the 14th best player in the NBA! He's number 1 in free throw percentage!
My computer won't turn on! Oh wait it just did...
Millsap would be the best 6th man in the league if he would just ACCEPT the role...
Karl was convinced by that idiot guy he talks to that he needs to turn over the staff every year, like that's good for the business!
I really hope Christian gets a big Christmas bonus.
Has Hillary made it to Florida yet?
Have you guys seen the voice this season? It's just incredible.
Guy on Cougar board says Jazz should change name to truly reflect how they play. SLC Locusts.
Does anything hurt worse than plucking an eyelash??
I guess you've heard the crap's hit the fan with Amber.
Cassie wants to take Gage and go to a motel because Oliver says he saw a mouse.
I don't know how Christian can't make it out here for Christmas. He's making a boat load of money.
It's incredible to me that I've never even met one of my granddaughters...
I remember Beth's art show. That was cool.
The TV says "no input signal"???
Lonny's son came back from Iraq with STD. That's the post traumatic thing, right?
Well, they took Ogden away from me and made me the roving manager again.
I've been in this mall when it's been totally slam packed.
Did you listen to the Kenny Rankin songs Kris posted on her blog? Go listen to them right now!
Lonny fell flat on his face when he was a kid and has had polyps in his nose ever since.
They had a poll in Sacramento the other day and Jimmer is more highly regarded than Tim Tebow.
Uncle Mike should buy an Arby's and have me manage it for him.
Oliver just told me he likes spam, I guess that means he needs money.
Do you watch The Voice?
Oliver ordered himself a flatbed steak.
Cassie sure is sweet.
Jimmer is now 14th in the league in 3 point shooting.
I can't see anything with these glasses. Trifocals? What was I thinking??
She just has issues with being clean.. she burns her clothes in a trash can in the garage.
The way Shannon and Daryl taught Michael to communicate was by having him throw TV's through the windows.
Im going to buy some microwave chili and a box of pepper for Christians stocking.
Terry hates his wife so bad... He wants to throttle her neck like a chicken!
I have no idea what any of you guys do for work.
Christian, do you realize I've given Oliver over $75,000 dollars this year?
Katie said my fruit salad was the best she ever tasted in her life.
Do you watch The Office?
So if Karl doesn't pay unemployment is the state still required to pay? What?? hmmm.... so they have to pay...
Oliver never responds to any of my texts or calls ever. And I know he looks at his phone.
Phone's not working. Was just checking in. Enjoyed your blog.
Karl is absolutely freaking out of his mind.
The new sales manager is just a jerk.
They're gonna send me to work in Utah county. I'll spend $50 dollars in gas and have to split 2 sales.
My basement is very conducive to insects.
Im just leaving work. There was wall-to-wall customers and computer problems.
Doesn't this car have a lot of power?
I mailed the picture of Fran to Kris and she said, "now that's one cute kid."
Did you just exit at 45th?
Have you seen Hillary's latest blog entry?
I was an all-state trombone player.
No I didn't go to Bob's cabin! Jon, I said Jon!
Oliver said I bought retard shoes.
Jimmer shot Aaron Brooks a dirty look because he wouldn't pass him the ball. He just ignored him!
Have you seen pictures of me in Hawaii where I had my afro?
Im here in Brigham City and just pulled into a gas station so I could chip the ice off my windshield wipers.
The other salesmen play online 10 hours a day.
Im at your door but I don't want to knock so I wake up the baby...
The photo of Fran in the shopping cart looks like she is wearing John Daly pants. Cute.
I kind of wish Christian had continued playing the trombone.
Oliver says there's no good place to live in Ogden... Which is probably true. But you know me, I don't need much.
I need a Kindle so I can watch YouTube videos in bed.
I'm just gonna ask Karl if I can work 2 days a week.
Why can't Kanter get a defensive rebound?
You see all these houses here? Craig Degraff and I built them all.
Terry's cow bucks him whenever he approaches her.
Jim McKim invited me over for dinner, but it just turned out to be a multi-level marketing pitch meeting.
Dar told me Im very disturbing and she never wants to see me again...Hang on, it's her on the other line.
With my gifts, I always think about what the person's interests are.
Oh you got a text from Oliver? That's more than most people get from him...
Your cousin Kory came into the store and hugged me, kissed me on the cheek and told me he loved me.
Did you see Millsap say "Im not a bench player anymore"? We need to move that guy fast...
Oliver said that if I retire I'm just going to sit around and watch Netflix. I said "No I won't! I'm not stupid, Oliver."
So I was taking to Jon today. You know Uncle Jon...
We should start our own greeting card company. Christian can draw & we can write the tag lines.
I love that little *cha* thing Tom Hanks does in "That Thing You Do" when he's keeping time with the music...
There's a Michael Buble concert on TV tomorrow...
You need to get me on at Macey's next year for 20 hours a week.
*Watching Shane on TV*
Weight Watchers makes their own brand of brownies...
Have you seen Terry's grandson? The kid is a REAL weirdo. 
Beth would probably win the art contest...
I think Governor Christie and I are just fat and that's it.
Did you read Christian's new blog? He said McDonald's can go to hell...
Rulon Gardner says Im an inspiration to everyone.
After Hannah watched the c-section video she got completely white.
I got home from church & was going to make a bowl of fruit, but the alarm went off at the store, but Lonny is gone for 7 days so I had to go!!!
I don't need counseling!
Lonny got fired because I was making 8 out of 10 sales and he had a bad attitude.
Oliver finally answered his phone...
That Maddie has personality to spare, but she is one weird kid. 
Griffin called me and asked for my advice. He said, "Dad, what do I do? My daughter is a liar!"
If Bronco doesn't win big this year and beat Utah too, he may just quit. He's tired of coaching.
Karl wants the new sales manager to observe me and Lonny because he thinks we have bad attitudes.
I watch Nikita, which is a spy thing...
I dropped off some milk to Oliver and texted him it was on his porch. 5 minutes later when I drove back, it was gone...
Maroon 5 really has a "Depeche Mode" sound.
Oliver doesn't answer calls or respond to texts.
Dozer sure is sweet.
With Randy Foye now added, the Jazz are in the finals!.... NOT!
Amber lives all the way down on 138th South and Bangerter!
Oliver took me to TGIF and HE was the one who paid.
Lonny is going to be so mad at me.
The thing that's exciting is that Jared has finally broken through Karl.
I woke up with my leg so swollen the skin was cracking. So I called Shannon to see what I had.
My friend Margie the cop says anyone can speed in her town when it's raining. She's not getting out to mess up her hair!
You need to call me "Grandpa Handsome."
I need a radio and an ear plug so I don't miss the BYU game!
Look at this! look look...
Under Siege 2 is great. "Nobody beats me in the kitchen."
Cassie sent me a txt that said "I can't believe it! My father in law is a TV star!"
Griffin is going to vote for Mitt Romney.
3 of my fillings fell out and 2 of my caps broke off.
I can't watch your dogs in October... Lonny is going on vacation...
I just need to hit the sauna and Ill lose weight.
Karl drove me down to the Am. Fork store to cover while they attended a luncheon. That was 4.5 hours ago and they still haven't returned..
I'm sorry, but in the middle of the night I got up to go to the bathroom and ended up crushing your laundry hamper.
They almost fired Doug the other day. He hates working with Karl in Midvale so much
What version of Excel do I have? I dunno?!? How do I tell that??
Fran told me, "Grandpa, I love Hillary, but I don't like her."
Shannon finally got their Christmas tree on Saturday because they couldnt afford one.
They say Jimmer absolutely dominates everybody in practice...
Did you see what Jan posted about Maddie on Instagram?
If John McCain can get along with half a face, I can get along with one arm!
Jon sold me $1200 worth of vitamin supplements for only $900.
Lonny refuses to get caught up in the texting generation.
The Jazz are better off tanking for this year's draft.
Karl yells at me when I close the store early, but he doesn't mention anything to me when I open it up 45 minutes early...
Yes, Irish dancing is exactly like clogging.
They told House MD that he was dangerous, and he said "Oh sticks and stones!"
I have 'themes' for all my gifts.
Really filthy language on this... No cat.
I took Oliver and Cassie dinner yesterday. I bought the stuff Saturday night but took it to them Sunday.
and then she said "get out.. give me the keys and the credit card and get out."
Oliver's boss is a jerk and wants to abuse guys.
The fire is gone from Bronco's belly.
Steve's wife just quit 2 weeks ago. She handed Karl the keys and said 'sayonara, pal.' 
Lonny got punished for not showing up to choir practice so Mac Wilberg put him on the back row.
Isn't Maddie getting some striking photos lately?
I don't have TV. Just Netflix and Hulu Plus And Amazon.
I don't want to be a 3rd wheel at Lonny's house. I just need to see if Jon will let me live in his basement...
I didn't even know the clocks had changed.
I think Oliver's mad at me cuz he's getting a tattoo tomorrow and I can't go pick up his kids.
Is that Magic Johnson??? Oh wait, it's not.
I need to start contributing.
Have you had all of Riley Nelson you can take? Doman and Bronco just sit there doing nothing. Sickening...
All is well with the universe. Except Jimmer being in Sac town...
Amazon.com is broken today so I'll have to try to buy my new Kindle later tonight.
Dave Ainge was telling me that Danny wants to completely rebuild the team. 
My apartment is infested with scorpions!
Don't answer that. It's Toilet Guy.
There were a lot of guys on cougar chat last night that said Bronco is going to resign.
Kristen, Heidi, Luana, Shannon and Jaremy all support me retiring early.
Oliver takes my car to Provo twice a week and uses all my gas.
I always keep the store open til 9 on Fridays so I can try to snag a sale from the people leaving Chilis.
First my tooth broke. Then the filling fell out.
So Im supposed to take my vacation to watch Oliver's dogs? 18 Months without a vacation and that's what I have to do!?
Oliver just walked in. Didn't say hello, just went into the garage and started working on his truck.
Jazz just signed Josh Howard for 1 year. What do you think? I heard he has social issues and hates America, etc...
*Scratches back against wall* 
I got to sit with Fran this morning while Griffany was on the roof. She brushed my hair and fed me and the dogs cheerios.
The headlines say Jimmy Kimmel and Obama flat lined at the correspondent's dinner last night.
I have nothing against Bob. I just hate him.
Lonny eats more cottage cheese than any man I've ever seen. 
I know there was a 2nd shooter involved with JFK. The government just wants to cover it up... It's fun to speculate.
I can't get Bates Motel on Hulu Plus!
I ride the recumbent bike 5 days a week!!
Hillary seems to be doing ok. Unlike Oliver, he's in big trouble.
Well, there are 96 outbreaks of West Nile Virus in Dallas and you have a new baby.
There are 6 and 7 year olds who can't speak as well as Frances.
Is this the Black Eyed Peas? I love them!
I like working Tuesdays. I just watch Hulu the whole time...
So Fran hides from you under the table when you babysit cuz she doesn't like you and is afraid? Oh it's because she was laughing? That doesn't make sense.
I couldn't wait. I just ordered the kindle fire. 
Karl won't pay Lonny unemployment because he's a cheapskate.
Do you want some Christmas crunch cereal?
Do you by chance have any pain killers? I have 2 broken teeth and 1 just broke off more. Can't see a dentist for 2 weeks...
I had the garlic chicken with garlic mashed potatoes.
If I've got news, I can text Hillary. It can't be fluff.
Max is getting really fat.
There's no hot water at Terry's place, so I can only take a 30 to 40 second shower.
You'll help me set up my new kindle, won't you?
I miss Robbie Williams. What ever happened to him?
Steve said Im doing so well at work, he thinks Im number 3 out of 5 salesmen.
If I could just get 500 bucks, I'd give it to Oliver and have him flip a car for me once a month, but he's not very dependable.
Jimmy Fallon joked that President Obama just finished his 100th round of golf. Said he was nearly 14 trillion over par.
Lonny's on tour with the choir.
Is Christian back yet?
Lonny, Lynette and I are going to go on a trip to Wyoming to see the Bar J Wranglers.
The cold showers Terry and I are taking with the gas turned off are brutal. Sure wakes you up though...
Its like that line from Spice Girls Should I wear the Gucci, the Gucci, or the Gucci?
I like to dance and have fun...
Amber's just not going to stop until Oliver is dead... Until he's dead.
Lonny is big into food storage and saving up. And that's ok...
A man saw me at the gym and said 'Are you Kevan? I want to shake your hand, sir.'
I'm really clamping down for the home stretch of the competition. I exercise twice daily.
Shannon always has fun stuff figured out.
Some guy just let his dog out of the car to come pee on our lawn. Ohhhh man! You've gotta be kidding me...
I love the way Griff and Beth talk to each other. They're so respectful.
Rebecca and Christian had the same hair when they were babies. Now Rebecca's hair is perfect and straight and Christian is bald.
I thought I'd be 90 when I lost the rights to make my own decisions. I guess my kids took it away at 60!
Im at target and there's 2 check stands open with 10 people in each lane... Ohhhhhhh man.
Ive got like a quarter inch of ice over my entire car.
I cut the tip of my finger off, basically, is what I did.
Have fun in Florida. Lonny got fired today. Ok, bye.
when will you make a more permanent room downstairs for me???
Remember the spam sandwiches I would make you? The best.
If the water is off, you can brush your teeth in the water from the back of the toilet.
Oliver would always choose Bob first and Hillary would choose just about anyone.
Hillary, they don't own a mop! I guess I could go buy one, but who in this world doesn't own a mop???
They say Tyrone Corbin won't play the young guys cuz he's afraid they'll lose and he'll get fired.
Im going to buy you a popcorn tin for Christmas.
Mind if I hop on your computer and check my emails?
Hillary and I think Frances was a southern girl in the pre-existence.
Karl wants to fire Lonny.
Have you seen that one episode of DOG the bounty hunter? He's one cool guy!
So I said - hang on. Yeah, Ill have a Kevan with everything on it. - OK, anyway, so I said...
What do you think of the new Jazz rookie... this "Martin" guy...
Frances absolutely will NOT go to sleep without seeing me.
I just don't know what to get those sweet girls in Florida for Christmas. I'll have to get really, really creative.
Uncle Mike called me and asked me to give him advice for young single adults.
Is Fran watching the lamb show?
Karl watches Lonny and I eight to ten hours a day from his computer in Salt Lake.
I can't believe Maddie thought those were squids! I thought they were lobsters!
I just had to drill another hole in my belt.
Which one of you drove me to the hospital when you punctured my brains out?
I would buy you a copy of that book but I don't have enough money to rub two sticks together.
Bob gave Oliver some money for child support. I would have too, but I don't have it. I don't have it!
Oh, St. Augustine? My good friend Susan owns a condo there.
I dunno what happened.. the internet doesn't work!
I absolutely love the movie 'The Edge' have you seen it all the way through?
Ever been to PF CHANG? Is that any good? 
That gas station chicken is good. It really is.
I'm just gonna take early retirement, and work 2 days a week for Karl. I'll go to Gold's gym the other 3 days. 
Karl said he thinks I was enabling Lonny by not calling him out on his bad attitude. I said I couldn't because we were co-managers!
So what do you think the judge will say?
They say Jeremy Lin is going by the nickname "Linsanity".
Maybe BOB will give Oliver money, I dunno...
I think Kevin and I should just negotiate it all out to solve things for Oliver and Amber.
Does Beth's Dad still run the projector at the theater?
Shannon gave me a recipe for veggie spam pitas. Daryl said it was about the best thing he's ever had.
The new salesman John's son almost bled to death from irritable bowel syndrome.
Maybe BYU should beg to be let back into the mountain west conference.
Derrick Favors won't re-sign with the Jazz after this season. What?? We have him til 2015??!
I didn't lie on my quiz. You want to talk about who lied on their quiz? Christian did!
I am SO sore, I can't even walk.
Terry's cow won't let him milk her cuz she's pregnant!
Are you going to the family reunion this year?
I think I might do a movie night for once.
As the song goes in Dream Girls, I am changing.
I've been up since 7 freaking AM blowing up balloons.
The Jazz need to trade Paul Millsap if he won't come off the bench.
Oliver likes to yell at me.
Lynette made us dinner that was cucumbers, asparagus, cauliflower, cabbage, carrots, peas, and some light cheese on it.
The new salesman John's 20 year old son died and they resuscitated him! Haha! They brought him back to life...
Bethany is invaluable.
That Frances is such a big, beautiful girl.
Christian always called Art the barber Theodork of York.
Have you ever roller skated with the kids?
Do you remember when that helicopter landed in the field across the street from our apartment?
Im not surprised you like the piano guys. You have always had better taste in music than your siblings.
Hillary is loving her new job. She says her boss gives her a hug every morning.
Karl might be the worst business manager of all time.
I've had 3 crowns fall out. Then 3 fillings. Then the teeth.
Target doesn't sell radios. It's all iPads now.. I mean, iPods!
I told my boss, Im not gonna come in and throw up on people.
My arm is wrapped up in gauze here at work. But I don't care!
Remember that Seinfeld episode when he threw up?
Were you on the conference call with Oliver where he said he's going to declare me mentally incompetent and put me in a nursing home??!
If I didn't call my brothers and sisters, I'd probably never hear from any of them. 
Jimmer has a deadly cross over.
Have you seen Hillary recently?
Add the song "Ain't no mountain high enough" as one of my all time favorites.
Tiger is -17 and the next closest is -11 with 11 holes to play tomorrow. Much of the magic is back!
You know Terry's daughter Melissa? She's a mess... She has a bobcat!
It's not like I'm going to hang up my spurs and never work again!
*Buys 2 cains at Smith & Edwards*
I went to the ER yesterday morning where the doctor found 12 venomous spider bites on my leg.
While Im in Logan, Im going to buy a one week pass to Gold's gym.
I wonder if Terry will bring his idiot grandson...
Karl took one of our salesmen and made him the new sales manager.
I was going to call Christian "KC" but he wasn't athletic at all. He can't even dribble.
The judges on The Voice are the best. Usher is intelligent and well spoken. Very legit and not your frog on the log type of guy.
Lonny only has 1 turkey he's cooking for Thanksgiving. He has 40 people coming over!!!
That Thing You Do is a FABULOUS song!
Have you seen the latest YouTube video of Maddie?
Do you want my tickets to the state fair? I think my date's going to stand me up.
It's just so so too bad you don't live in Utah. I could get you a great deal on a mattress.
Hannah took a picture with my phone & said, "Grandpa, after I play on the tablet, I'll teach you how to set a new background on your phone."
I don't trust you further than I can spit!
The internet doesn't lie.
Jimmers been so miserable and underused with the Kings. Keith smart is such a freaking idiot.
I had to buy every meal for Toilet Guy. It cost about $400 dollars.
Lonny told the funniest joke today about a hair lip and his crippled brother...
Have you seen hardcore PARN? I mean hardcore PAWN. it's my favorite show.
Jazz fans are 80/20 in favor of changes.
Maddie drew a family picture and Emmerson has curly hair in it.
Have you ever had tendinitis?
I need to install a sprinkler timer at Christian's house.
Some guys are saying Jimmer is going to be playing in Europe in the next 2 years. I still think he can play for 10 years in the NBA...
Frances calmed down enough to go to sleep after I stopped by and kissed her on the cheek.
Karl isn't mean. He just has an extremely bad temper.
Im calling you from my magic jack! I don't need long distance anymore.
Uh, yeah. You don't get spiritual advice from BOB! Hello?
I just sold a bed to some college hippies.
How's Beth's Dad doing? How's her Mom doing? They have some longevity that runs in the family, huh? You don't.
Did you hear that one of Jon's kids is getting divorced?
I show Maddie's YouTube videos to people who buy beds from me, also Lonny, of course.
So Are you going to see The Hunger Games?
I had to work today so I couldn't be with Susan. I'm not gonna marry her, so whatever.... I guess....
You know, I'm not really a James Taylor fan. There's not much of his music I like. 
I found a place to live. It's a basement apartment. There's just 1 guy upstairs, and 4 of his friends... 
Shannon has a urinary tract infection but she's had to wait 3 days to get into the free clinic.
Our snow blower quit working so I've had to shovel all winter long.
Amber told me my baked potatoes with cream corn and bacos was one of the best meals she's ever had.
The Patriot is a great movie!
Lynette made a zucchini boat for dinner. She hollowed it out and filled it with turkey hamburger and tomato sauce.
I can't go to Cassie's party. There's nobody to cover for me. I'm working 65 hours a week with no days off.
Rick Perry is wearing a pretty suit!
Oh poor Terry, his wife is a vegan now and won't allow him to eat hamburgers.
Look at my leg! They found 20 spider bites on it!
I can't do ANYTHING else. What do you want me to do? Become an attorney?!
I just exited at 123rd instead of 114th... say... Draper's got a lot going on!
No Im not going to confront him! I just hope he can take a hint...
Christian is at the world golf hall of fame.
How's Hillary liking her new job?
Terry went to the Jazz game and says he's never seen them play worse.
Whew! That kid is really homely.
Did your friend in the MoTab say Lonny's brownies were the greatest thing she's ever tasted?
Shannon said we're going to make stuff at the reunion that we can demolish. They did it at Daryl's reunion and loved it!
I just need a doctor to write me a disability note so I can get early retirement.
Susan helps me not commit suicide.
Are you by a computer?? Im lost and I need directions to the Comcast in Layton!
Do you like red grapes or green grapes?
You know Jason Statham. From Transformers... YES! TRANSFORMERS!!!!
I have the worst job in the world with the worst pay and the worst boss.
Who was that really dorky weird kid you used to be friends with?
Download Pandora?!? To what Oliver??
I told Karl he'd rue the day he lets my replacement take my store.
Your cousin in the Netherlands has terrible migraines every day. Kathleen is going to fix him using her machine in Ogden though...
I woke up at 3am last night and couldn't go back to sleep cause I was so tired.
*Hangs up phone*
They put BYU urinal cakes in the toilets at the University of Utah.
Did you see the pics of Mads?
*Sleeping with the TV on*
Oh! my throat's so sore I can't talk.
Terry says he gets more love and respect from my kids than he does from his own wife.
Just saw trailers for haunted house Disney Halloween. Really looks fun. 
Look at how thick and luxurious his hair is!
Oliver, you fit perfect in Cassie's family.
I believe the best singer just won The Voice.
Do you remember on Dumb and Dumber when the cop takes the bottle and drinks it and its pee?
Remember Becky at Albertsons on Bluff Street? Yes you do. Becky. The one with the brown hair!
Are you going to Oliver's party?
Every Friday, Jaremy and I compare the weight we lost for the week and then talk about and share recipes.
I need to check my email. Jon's supposed to email me...
PAC 12 refs are the worst.
Demarree Carroll reminds me of that guy who won America's Got Talent.. Martin Eugene Murphy... Whatever his name was...
Look at how I wrapped this present. Isn't it great?
Tiger's putting and wedge are back...
I've had a nightmare 3 days with Oliver's dogs.
I wore my Joe Dirt wig into weight watchers today...
I'm just workin. Sure hope we don't get any more customers tonight...
2 or 3 years ago I would have been really upset about BYU losing, now I just don't care...
One time I had a dream where I was on American Idol and sang while dressed as the Cowardly Lion.
Did you see the video of Maddie opening my care package?
*Squirt* you like that? It's my new body spray. Take one!
Shatner has a 1 man show on Broadway? How old is he now... like 80?
When Jimmer's in the game, all the other players have to watch him like a hawk.
What do you mean I'm not "head of household"? Of course I'm the head of my household!
Oliver always stops by and takes my car down to Provo. He usually fills it up with gas, but he can't keep doing that...
I just crossed over the hill to Cache Valley and there is a herd of about 50 turkeys grazing in a field...
Oh my goodness! I just sprayed my windshield washer fluid and now its a big frozen blob!
Lonny took to Facebook to trash Karl to all his friends. He has a separate page called "Lonny's Patriot Page"
You know Bethany has said that I'm a great gift giver...
I woke up at 6am and watched 'The Rifleman'.
If Jimmer's name was Bob, it wouldn't be the same, would it?
I sent Hillary a text saying I needed to give her a birthday present and she said she didn't need any stupid presents.
Jon said I won't have to watch the Hallmark channel movies alone next year. He'll watch them with me.
Im going to ask Patti out. Wheres that Eric Clapton CD with Change the world on it?
Does Hillary like her car?
Why won't Hillary talk to me anymore?
What Oliver doesn't tell you is that I DID fall on the ice and hurt my back.
GOLL! Ty Corbin!!! KICK SOME TAIL!!
Can you change it to the BYU game really quick?
The Jazz don't have any 3 point shooters!
I can't go home tonight. The snow is too bad. I'm going to have to find something to do...
Max is looking great. His fur is shiny and he's lost some weight!
I love ghosts! They're scary...
The runner up on the voice performed Cantina music! Just like in that Jack Black movie where he's a wrestler...
Oliver's favorite movie is Elf.
Karl says I have something the other salesmen don't have: personality.
Well, I've lost about 8 pounds. And I didn't even exercise.
I'm going to wear purple tomorrow so I'm not intimidated by Karl...
Still no word from Oliver, and Hillary won't respond.
Have you ever been to good earth natural foods? They've got a great selection. It's all organic!
Im watching a western.
We just told Karl that everybody hates him and has zero respect for him.
What better revenge is there than to serve your ex-wife's fudge to the new person you're in love with?
Have you seen Vampire Diaries? I just started watching it on my kindle. It's pretty good!
I don't know if I can make it through the next 36 hours without Netflix...
I got a new car! a 1996 Mazda 626!
They Jazz won't keep Millsap, will they?
No, of course I haven't tried confronting him!
Tiger Woods built a golf course in Dubai but he can't play there because he gets sand blown in his contacts.
On Cougar board they ran the statistics again on every player in the NBA and Jimmer ranks 2nd or 3rd on production. 
You didn't notice that I parted my hair differently? I've been parting it the same way for 35 years. 
I was browsing for jobs on KSL and saw that Karl had a posting out for my job!!
Bronco is a terrible coach. Nice guy, but a terrible coach.
My back is so bad that I'm pretty sure I can find a doctor who might be willing to say I can go on disability.
They won't allow me in the Instacare anymore.
Nice to meet you. would you like to go on a 2 week date with me?
I told you, my computer doesn't HAVE Windows Explorer on it!
Your cousin Jennifer begged a couple guys to marry her but never got close.
Zion's bank was the hardest, worst job I've ever had.
Was Fran wearing her headphones when you went over? She wasn't?! Why not?
I wanted to go to one of those spook alleys this year.
I had a great time at the cabin. I just slept on the couch!
Terry absolutely hates his wife. Hates her!
Did you see that video of Fran dancing? She's a real dancer. She was dancing!!!
Lonny and his wife provide me with different types of vegetables...
That's why they call it a 'rec' center. The place is a wreck.
Who do the Jazz need to trade to get Jimmer?
Oh great. The storm of the century is blowing in and I have to drive to Park City tomorrow.
Do you remember going to bishop's diner and getting the ham steak?
Cassie is so great with the kids.
I finally figured it out! My favorite band isn't Smashing Pumpkins. It's Smashmouth! 
Amber's taking Oliver to court again on the 5th.
Jimmer had the nicest pass the other night. Did you see it?
Hillary called and screamed at me for an hour last night.
So if I hit safari and nothing opens up, does that mean your internet isn't working?
I saw Blake Shelton at the Wyoming state fair back before he got famous.
Mark Madsen spoke to us today about having a good attitude at work and blah blah blah...
Oliver's boss has been written up for sexual harassment and company theft and STILL has his job.
Before I ever leave this place... It might be 6 months, it might be 6 years...
Oliver doesn't respond to my texts or calls... He must not need any money.
Theres a push by Sacramento to try and get Jimmer into the 3 point shooting contest.
As Hugh Grant would say... "Brilliant."
Lonny and I got to split the "sleep fit salesman of the year" award this year. So that was pretty neat...
I know I'm overselling the Bar J Wranglers, but it's truly the best thing you'll ever experience in your life. 
I bought Fran some new pajamas. Should I drop them off tomorrow morning?
I had a poster above my bed in college with Charlie Brown on it that said "There's no problem too big in life you can't run away from."
Look at that mouthy bugger...
That Cassie doesn't require anything but love. 
Christian's company takes such good care of him. I don't think he'll be there forever though...
I'm meeting Oliver to deliver him an artificial tree.
Terry's such a good guy.
we're just very very really great very good friends
Hillary slept over at Amber's house on her couch one Christmas eve.
They say the Lakers are extremely interested in Jimmer
For being a skinny girl, Cassie sure loves food.
Goll! The freeway is PACKED. A lot of people must be going to their Grandmother's house.
I CAN'T get a job as a Wal-Mart greeter!! My back hurts too much!
Frances is a smart cookie.
Stop being such a smart ass, Oliver!
I just waited in line for an hour for $3.36 gas
I bought you some squeaky cheese in Beaver.
Im heading out to find a dentist and maybe do taxes.
Tell your football player home teacher that your Dad is a big fan!
My hip is killing me today.
I need your doctor to write me a disability note.
The Jazz should draft Enes Kanter. It's spelled k-a-n-t-e-r but I believe it's pronounced "Kahn-Tor" 
I made fruit salad last year!! IT COST ME $45 BUCKS!!!
What do you think of this gift I got for Pam? I got it on overstock.com.
And Glenn, you're a hot dog!
Oliver is acting 13 in spades.
Don't you think Christian could make great greeting cards??
Karl says Lonny and I are too complacent together.
I got that bowl for a buck fifty!
Isn't this car a smooth ride?
I coughed so hard it tore the lining of my stomach.
We're all really hating Karl right now.
Oliver would absolutely love Brian Regan.
You should see Hannah's penmanship. It's perfect! 
Did you know that Katie is a Michele Obama fan? She joined her Facebook page...
I have some yogurt in the fridge, do you want that?
What's your opinion of Kia? They were crap a few years back...
I'm bringing my stuffing dressing to Jon's house.
I could use another 3 or 4 days off.
Walking has created a whole new world for Frances.
This phone is so complicated, it won't even let you change peoples' pictures.
Rick told me that Karl thinks Riverdale is underachieving. I said "No it's not. We just don't get customers in the door."
I really liked The Hunger Games.
OH! MY! SHINS!
Im not in denial about anything!
I'm just here in Lonny's driveway waiting to have lunch.
I need to go catch my afternoon nap.
They say that Jimmer's coach is a little bit racist and that's why Jimmer's not getting any minutes.
I went to a free rock chip repair place and it cost me $50 dollars a chip!!
Aunt Kristen has the hardest mattress in the world.
Karl's only run 3 ads since we opened this store, and they're all crappy ads.
Dick Clark dead at 82.
See this bed here? Donald Trump puts these beds in Trump tower. 
Uncle Jon last night said to me, "If you quit tomorrow, I will write you a check for $1,000 dollars."
Work was a nightmare. People bought all the beds!!
We don't have any low-end beds. We only have 1 garbage Sealy and 1 garbage Serta. That's it.
What!! The chuck-o-rama here doesn't do breakfast??
I dont even dare eat anything because it just shoots right through me.
I need to drive up to Logan so Oliver can change my brakes.
Did you notice that Ronnie Price always dunks with his left hand?
I told my sales manager that the computer asked to license Excel. He said, "Click cancel. We don't want to mess with that."
I've had nothing but water for 24 hours.
Just read yours and KC's blogs. Gosh I raised good kids. Very proud of both of you as well as Oliver and Griff. Griff misses the mark on politics but what a great young man.
Well, I got another flat tire.
Cassie is the most amazing angelic person I know.
The Jazz need to fire Tyrone Corbin!!
Do you have a radio I can borrow?
Gosh Oliver, the kids are being so great. Hayden, stop pulling on that! Hannah, don't touch the window!!!
Failure is an option. It's what you do after you fail that matters.
How many kidney beans can I have?
Kathleen said my aura is improving quite a bit.
I bought you tickets to the monster truck show for your birthday.
Give this bag of Oreos to Oliver.
Well, Pat Summerall has died. Do you even know who that is?
They want me to be a roving manager again. But I can't afford it. I can't! I. Can. Not. Afford. It.
Isn't Beth the greatest mom ever? She's just the best.
Have you seen Billy the exterminator? He's great.
Cassie's birthday tomorrow...
Wouldn't you just love to have Christian as an employee? Talk about one incredible kid.
Well, Im going to lay down. Im exhausted.
Every problem I've ever had can be traced back to Zion's bank.
I'm working for Lonny for 10 days while he goes on tour with the tabernacle choir.
Was that Beth's Dad following Frances around with a camera?
Dont tell me bo the art work I know shes advanced, but thats rediculous.
Brandon Doman is an idiot.
This is impossible! The shorts I put in the dryer have disappeared... literally! They're just gone. Vanished!
I made myself a chef salad at Jon's house.
Did you see the new Vampire Diaries? I hate that little slut...
It's an inchworm, not a caterpillar.
All of my brothers and sisters agree that I should retire.
What??! When did they post swimsuit pics of Fran? Last Week? Oh my gosh! I need to get online and check. Gotta go.
I've got tendinitis so bad today.
Well, Lonny and I are both looking for new jobs. Karl has hired young guys to replace us.
We have some really crappy mattresses that we sell.
I only get channels 2, 4, and 5. They turned off the cable at my apartment. It was supposed to be included with my rent...
Robin quit yesterday because Karl changed the schedule.
Hillary hasn't even thanked me for her Christmas gifts yet. Neither have Christian and Jan...
Hey I'm now in the lead. Time to put the hammer down.
You like my new sweater vest? It came in the mail...
Griffin put his arm around me and said "I hope you know I love you more than Bob."
That Frances sure is sun tanned.
I have the most boring job in the world. Selling beds to 3 customers a day.
You see Emmerson's curly hair? 
If Bethany was a pioneer she'd be the one who had a baby and was out pulling a handcart the next day.
If Oliver doesn't straighten up, Im going to enroll him in a military academy.
I know you don't like country music, but you have to listen to this song!
I always talk with my friend Susan about being back in Wyoming.
The Serta rep really wants me to get a job at Fisher's Brothers in Logan.
If Criss Angel's not the devil, I don't know what he is.
Why dont Hillary and Jason just get married?
Oliver made me bring him lunch today.
Im gonna go eat half a spam sandwich for lunch.
Do you know where I can get subsidized housing in Logan?
Im worried Derrick Favors won't be "the guy" and we will lose him. Al Jefferson needs to go.
My spam sandwich is just spam, Swiss cheese, mustard, and a little bit of mayo on wheat bread. The best.
My back is crippled from moving mattresses all day.
Jaremy didn't come to the dinner. He called and said he was sick, but that was probably a lie.
I tried to sign in to Skype but it's broken and doesn't work at all.
Look at him palm the ball!!! Why won't the refs call that?!?! He's just picking it up and turning it over!
Sorry I missed your call. You caught me in the middle of a 2 and a half hour nap. Sometimes on Sunday afternoons I just crash.
I've met the handicapped Sting guy in Logan. You have always been nice to him and he loves visiting with you.
BYU's coaching staff has nobody to blame but themselves for what happened to Jake Heaps.
It's Eminem's birthday. He's 40 years old. Seems like 30 should be closer...
Beth didn't have any problems during her pregnancy, did she?
Susan was going to fly out here & we were going to drive to the cabin, then to Star Valley, then back to the cabin. I dunno. It was supposed to be my vacation.
If you're going to that reception, don't mention your cousin's miscarriage to her.
Im dropping off a present for the baby... Ill leave it in your planter.
Terry's getting divorced.
If you come home before I go to bed, I might be asleep in my car. If so, please wake me up.
I can get Maddie any kind of farm animal-related toy she could dream of.
I just had to fire a guy... he was our sign holder.
Do you Have Netflix and Hulu?
There's no bedrooms at the cabin, but there's a teepee outside if you want to bring some fabric to wrap around the poles.
I asked Karl what he sees me doing on the camera all day and he said "walking". And I said, "Yeah. I walk!"
I love my new phone. I do. But you can't answer calls on it!
I was driving down the road sound asleep.....
I'm gonna give my 30 day notice at my apartment and move in with Lonny. They'll charge me $300 a month, so I'll save $300 a month.
Do you watch the hallmark channel? They have these wonderful sappy shows...
I stopped to get myself a lime freeze at Frostop.
Shannon's in charge of the reunion this year. Shannon's fun.
I can make more money than that on unemployment.
Hey there. It's me. Tell the girls to gobble gobble gobble...down lots of food. I'm at Uncle Jon's. Bye!
I love grapes! And they keep you regular...
New charger doesn't help. Dead battery. Had batteries plus test. Battery is good. Must be phone. Only have few minutes on charge.
Ghost Adventures used to scare me to death.
Karl's already asked Lonny to go find another job.
We can use my Sealy discount 2 times a year and get a better price on beds than Karl.
They're gonna come install an electronic reader board at my store that people can read from the street.
Is there a pretty good free app for anti virus protection on computer at work? Boss is too cheap to buy MacAfee. 
I was watching a show with Hayden while drinking egg nog and Sprite.
When was the last time you made Beth a baked potato with cream corn on it?
Brandon Doman is the worst offensive coordinator in the country.
Oliver was charming and funny with all my family. He was the hit of the day.
Look at Hannah err Maddie walk.. I mean Frances!
Biggest day ever. We had 13 customers...
Try some of this dip I just made. Its got cottage cheese, sour cream, and onion powder in it.
I'm not nearly as negative anymore.
How you can lose a job at Ebay is beyond me.
Terry says you guys should vacation in Wyoming.
I just need to take early retirement, except I don't have any time to go down to the social security office.
I don't know what you're talking about, Why would you even ask me?
What was your friend's name? You know.. the redheaded kid and his dad owned the Wendy's?
Karl's gonna make me be a roving manager again. I can feel it in my bones.
I couldn't find candy corn Oreos, so I just got you the Halloween ones instead.
Sometimes I call Rick Westover and we just recap Seinfeld episodes...
My new friend Kathy... we're really really good friends.
Jim McKim cried when he saw that I changed the way I part my hair. 
It took me 3 days to mow Oliver's lawn.
I had a great time at the cabin. I walked up and down the stairs all day, and walked back and forth the caf down the road.
That Scott Baio sure did an outstanding job in "The Fighter." He deserved to win the Oscar.
I'm going to put some Vick's vapor rub on my chest and take a hot shower.
BYU is out coached and outplayed. Embarrassing. Worst offensive line ever.
Christmas stocking for Ainslee. A lo.
If you try to give Karl suggestions on how to improve the business, he just gets mad.
Oliver had to buy a salve that cost $1,000 dollars! But I don't think he paid full price.
Well... Oliver's broke again.
I hope you're hungry. There's a casserole in the oven. It's big enough to feed an army!
I can't watch this game anymore! Im gonna go drive around and listen to it on the radio instead.
Tell that hippie surfer to get his hands off my granddaughter!
I'm not SCARED of my sales manager, Oliver!!
Susan calls her house the little piggy house.
I've found the best new sitcom. It's called 'The Goldbergs.' 
Oliver's mad at me, but what's new?
Well, when you have the two smartest parents on earth, the only result you're going to get is Frances.
I have to work Saturday to Saturday with no days off in between. 
Look at Fran! She's spitting out her watermelon seeds!
I'm going to have to work 60 hour weeks instead of 52 now that Lonny's been fired.
What is this little black box in Excel? It follows me wherever I go. Wherever I click, it goes there??!?!
Dave Rose is such a wonderful man.
I read that already on Cougar board.
Goll... Ty Detmer lost his entire fortune. He gave all his money to a crook.
Cassie doesn't talk ever, no matter what the situation is...
I ate the wrong taco. Sorry.
If I could just find a way to live in Jon's cabin...
Griffin needs to write the manufacturer of flex seal and make a TV commercial with them.
Oh my gosh. Asian dancer is amazing. AGT.
Have you ever heard Christmas on the Ponderosa? It's the Bonanza Christmas album.
He just tomahawk kicked him!
I've got everything packed up and ready to go except my bed and toiletries.
Terry said he coughed so hard he thought it was going to rip his lungs out. You know how it is...
So if I buy an iPad, how do I get internet services through it?
Steven seagal is the real deal! AND he has a band.
Can you believe that Griff loves BYU so much? Im very surprised.
What's going on with your sister? She never talks to me. I'm not in her life at all.
Sorry I take so many showers a day... I just like to be clean.
There must be a lot of fatties in the competition because there's a few people who lost a lot of weight this week...
Jon is going to pay 50% of my dentist bills, up to $5,000.
I get home at 9 and watch 3 shows then I wake up and watch 2 shows then go to work. Wait! That's not all I do! I exercise too!
Terry says toilet guy really misses you.
There's no phone at Jon's cabin, but I like to get away from it all.
Goll! She's a smart little kid.
Your cousin Jesse is back living with his parents. And your cousin Jennifer too. And James!
Did you see that episode of dog? he's great.
I would love to be a baseball scout! Just sit there, watch games, and eat sunflower seeds all day...
It just makes me sick cuz BOB didn't earn it. He just has money, lives in Hawaii, and is nice to you guys.
I think Ill buy you Beatles chimes as a Christmas gift.
Life changed again for me last night. I got the store taken away from me.
Look at that truck outside!
I pulled these photos of the kids from Amber's Facebook. They are really cute.
Lonny cooks all the time. Today he made chicken alfredo roll ups.
Grandy used to put ice cubes in his milk.
Well... They're going to fire Lonny because he's too negative and just watches TV all day.
Obama said it'd be ideal if Americans were paying over $5.00 a gallon for gas.
How does Moses make his coffee? He brews it. Get it? "Hebrews".
Well, it's blowing hard here. I gotta pull some signs down before they blow away.
Actually you are probably moonlightkng there and doing a stock to sh egg if return. Shelf. Is it still no correction texting?
Hanna would love to go over to Aunt Kirsten's house to do origami.
I watched the Rifleman at 4am this morning. 
I'm trying to lose weight even though Hillary and Oliver don't think so.
Last time they brought in a replacement for me, he was a complete disaster.
Hayden and I were watching the Earth Wind and Fire concert .
Lonny has a chicken coup in his front yard.
Clicked on to Andy Williamss song to play since he died today. Computer switched to page saying its FBI and says I was illegally downloading music...
BYU sucks but Cody Hoffman is incredible.
My Weight Watchers instructor gave me a hand made doily.
Oliver's a jerk.
I have nightmares about Granny.
I know it doesn't make much sense, but the Jazz just need to go out and get Jimmer. He's just sitting on the bench in Sacramento!
Griffin is my sports buddy. lol!
Karl's off all week, which is the best thing that could possibly happen for all of us.
I need a little transistor radio so I can listen to the BYU game.
Remember when I pinched Bethany? I had to show her how hard I could pinch!
Me and Griffin have golfed Thanksgiving Point so many times...
I told Karl the new guy just plays solitaire on his computer all day.
Did Fran calm down after I left? Very emotional little girl. You do such a great job being favorite Aunt.
They say there's signs all cropping up all over Sacramento's arena that say "Free Jimmer"
I can get Maddie any kind of farm animal-related toy she could dream of!
Christian said my presents really cheered up Maddie after she had to hang out with older kids all day.
Hannah and Hayden got straw all over the floor at the store. Oliver had to vacuum it up.
Being 63 feels like being pregnant and under 30.
Frances is SCARY smart.
We finally convinced Karl to spend money on us. So he went out and got us a banner that said "mattresses up to 65% off" THAT'S NOT TRUE!!
BYU's offensive line is absolutely hideous.
I found these $100 shirts on overstock for only $2.99! 
I bought some socks for Beth.
I think Andy may be the worst attorney in the world.
Has Oliver showed up at your place or checked in?
The kids ate the whole box of Oreos today.
Tiger's leading the tournament after 2 rounds!
Yeah, he should go back to school, but he's the type of guy that will only do something if it's handed to him.
Darn that Frances is a cutie! She has such a funny personality. So cute listening to her iPod.
I told the customers that Hayden slept on the same type of bed and that's when they said, "We'll take it!"
Did you see the picture of Emme trying to take the cupcake? Jan wrote "BUSTED" on it. 
I'd say my top 3 Presidents are 1. Reagan 2. Lincoln 3. Washington. In that order.
How do you put borders into Excel? Man you and Griff are computer geniuses.
I need you to set my printer up for me.
BYU just got a commit from the greatest high school player in the world, Ben Johnson.
Well, Barry and I have spent the afternoon crying watching David Phelps videos on YouTube.
I asked Hillary to bring me some ibuprofen and she straight up refused me!
Adam Levine is so talented!
Christian sure is a sweet kid. He called yesterday and helped me with my taxes. Good guy.
Karl hasn't bought any advertising for our store. Amazing.
Hulu Plus is the greatest. I don't even need TV anymore...
Why don't you just put kitchen carpet downstairs?
Cassie is SO good to those kids...
I wish I had enough money to take everyone on vacation to a dude ranch in Wyoming.
I can't believe she left my birthday off the Christmas calendar...
Feel my stretchy shirt!
My Kindle had 100+ windows open. The Customer Service lady said she'd never seen anything like it.
Hillary, how many years would you have to wait before you dated a divorced guy?
Three years ago I bought Shannon and Daryl an artificial tree and she said that Michael got mad and destroyed it last year.
Well everyone is only getting maybe 1 present this year. 
It's a real shame Fuddruckers closed down.
I love all my Granddaughters. Ainslee, Maddie, Emme, and of course, Frances.
Have you met Barry? Old Barry?
Can you please freaking tell me when Im allowed to come back to my house??!!? *door slam*
I don't mind if the Jazz keep Corbin as long as he learns...
I think Karl operates his business like he still only has 2 stores.
Do you remember when that swat team came through our apartment?
I had to get tough with Barry yesterday after he yelled at the new girl.
Susan sent me chocolate strawberries for my birthday. I ate one and took the rest upstairs to my neighbors.
Do you have Hulu Plus?
Don't remind me of that time I had to help that armless Native American guy go to the bathroom...
Republicans have a better sense of humor than Democrats.
The stake president wants to see me on Wednesday. I have no idea why???
Hillary and Oliver don't answer my texts or phone calls. They treat me as if Im dead.
Did you go see the bear jamboree at Disneyland?
Amber loves her kids. She's just not good at being a mom. 
Karl just keeps firing everyone. That's what he does.
Has Hillary been to the doctor yet?
Why can't all the cars just go at the same time when the light turns green?!?!
Which one of you guys got hit in the head with a light pole?
Did you see Emmerson's new YouTube vide? Oh? You recorded the video? Oh yeah...
Many think Favors won't re-sign with the Jazz. He'll test the free agency market after this year. We'd better re-sign him real soon.
Do you remember that turkey leg you had at the renaissance festival in 1997?
Smart parents equal smart kid.
Why did Hillary get transferred? Was she not doing her job?
The insiders I follow say that BYU already has an invite from the Big 12.
Look at this! I just pay $10 a year and I can see wherever Tiger hits his shot on the golf course.
Karl always tips his head back when he laughs. He laughs like this: *ha*
Christian introduced me to Depeche Mode... That's where I got my email handle I used for many years.
I've got my car paid all the way down to $4,200 dollars!
Did you notice that about 1 in every 8 photos of Fran she's eating something?
Look at my broken tooth! Just LOOK! Here! 
Why does your Mom always leave me out of the calendar??
Jimmer's coach was impressed with how he played last night.
You and Christian are really good at negotiation on your jobs and contracts.
If Im asleep when you get home just put the casserole in the oven for 45 minutes at 375.
Jan, Christian got drunk and told me Maddie's clothes size is 84. What's the right size?
Lynette made me some shrimp creole last night. It was shrimp, onions, peppers, and tomatoes. Sounds disgusting huh? It was actually good!
I've already paid your way into the family reunion.
Man I hate the U but I do like the jobs they have up there...
I just sent you an email about life insurance. Please advise.
It's like on 'dumb and dumber' where he says "so you're saying there's a chance?"
*Asleep in car* 
This job is probably going to kill me.
We have no cable or internet. Would you please update me on the Jazz workout today?
What could you do with $500 dollars?
I had to give away a pillow to sell a bed today. Goll that hurt...
I'm just on my way up to Logan. Oliver has some leftover Christmas decorations he says I can use for the store.
Get that dirty surfer's hands off my granddaughter!
The bug video Hunter made was wonderful. Sure was gross though.
Even Hillary was a fan of the XFL...
Baby surprised us. Shorter and weighed more than we were guessing.
Karl yelled at me because my desk was disorganized.
Just because it says 'coffee' on the mug you don't have to put coffee in it.
Karl just wants to get people in the store any way he can. Lie, cheat, or steal. Whatever it takes...
My computer won't let me type on Excel, but I can type on everything else. Do I need a new keyboard?!?!
Do you want some of my new lotion? It's aloe and cucumber. No? It's your loss.
Lonny makes brownies that are award winning.
Shannon doesn't know what to do about Christmas this year...
Lonny has chickens in his yard. At the end of the day, he whistles and they all go back into the coup. 
Happy Easter.
That's what Christian does.... He runs away.
I think Grandy was born on November 21st. Or maybe it was the 23rd? I dunno. Ask Hillary. She knows all that stuff.
I got you a shirt .
Griffin would love cowboy boots! Ill bet you $100 dollars.
I bought Hillary a dozen tickets to the hockey game! And everyone gets a hot dog too!
I'm not nearly as negative as Lonny.
My glasses keep falling apart! I should get a refund.
Is there a girl at your work with a last name of "Houston"? She said she worked in Sandy doing background checks
Terry's going to give his marriage another shot.
Did Hillary say how much she loves her stocking yet?
I'm going to work out at the rec center 3 days a week.
Bob didn't have to do much to make it to the top of the family tree.
Karl's mostly a jerk.
My computer is locked. It says I need to purchase a money order from Wal-Mart and put in a code. If I don't, the computer will remain locked.
My back hurts worse than my tooth.
I made Oliver a spam and cheese sandwich. He won't admit it was good.
Did Beth dress up for Halloween?
I think Millsap is a potential cancer on this team...
Do you think Oliver misses Cassie yet since he left on vacation? Probably not...
I was going to suggest a jumbo screen or 3d movie for the kids.
Terry says his cow kicks him like a mixed martial arts fighter.
Can I change the document to landscape if I've already printed it?
Lonny read yours and Hillary's blog posts on the election and had tears streaming down his face.
I was just fine until I went to the bowling party
I only have $3,600 left to pay on my car. 
Fine, if you don't like Jim's, we could eat at Souper/Salad.
Watching Brian Regan on YouTube. Kills me. 
I have a big purple line across my stomach from coughing so hard.
Do you think Oliver would like a shake weight for Christmas?
I got to the social security office 1 minute, ONE MINUTE after it opened and there were already 200 Mexicans in line ahead of me.
Susan got me Sherry's berries for my birthday. I resisted them and took them upstairs for Lionel and the guys to eat them.
Jan has those kids trained so well.
Well, Im heading up to Oliver's house to feed his dogs...
I had 4 majors in college: music, child development, family science, and I was an apprentice electrician.
Bronco Mendenhall has a picture of Nephi in his office.
The new manager at the American Fork store had an anxiety attack, so he closed the store and went home!
Christian almost never calls. Oliver calls only when he wants to use me. And Hillary, never.
Did you see the video of Maddie opening my care package? She said "Thank you Grandpa. I love you VERY much!" 
Did you guys get a palm tree Christmas tree?
Terry called me from his barn. It's the only place he can sneak away and get any reception.
Miranda Lambert and Cassie look a lot alike. Miranda's face is Cassie's exactly to a tee!
I could only eat one bite. I couldn't eat the rest cuz I haven't eaten anything. 
Are you allergic to wheat? Lots of people in the family are...
Is Bob giving Oliver money?
I've just talked to Gary at Albertsons and have lined up a job stocking peas.
The new guy at my store has already stolen one of my sales.
Maddie doesn't remember who I am. She doesn't give a crap.
Well, Turbo Tax says I owe $1000 dollars to the Feds...
The kids have to drive 4 hours a week in the car and they absolutely HATE it. 
How does Criss Angel levitate??? You tell me!
Try this apple slice and yogurt!
I wanted to make a flip book you keep in your car that tells people things like "your tire is flat" and "you're a jerk,"
I've always been Cassie's biggest fan.
Jake Heaps is terrible. Where's the quarterback we saw last year? Strong arm. Terrible control.
Karl and Lonny aren't friends! They barely even know each other. They just sing in the choir together, that's all!
I've already seen the short people video. I saw it a couple years ago!
I've been helping Oliver sell a truck all day.
Are you coming to the family reunion? It's going to be an arts and crafts theme! More artsy than crafts though...
Oliver invites me to hang out with him, then he just plays on his phone the entire time Im there.
My version of Microsoft Word doesn't HAVE a menu option called 'file'.
I just bought several hundred dollars worth of very fine art.
I don't know if Griffany will have another child. They're great parents, but I just don't know...
Terry says he really likes you guys.
You know... that picture of you and Cassie next to those nuclear silos...
Take hot water, two spoons of honey, a tablespoon of vinegar and drink it. It'll soothe your throat.
I want to cut my work week down to just 4 days so I can go to the gym, or have more time to myself...
I have the best attitude I've had in months because I just don't care anymore.
I'm going to live in the subsidized housing in Brigham City. Jon and Kathleen have been looking for me.
Oliver's busy cutting his truck to pieces.

Ah that Hayden, What a kid. Good thing he's cute cuz he's not as smart as his sister.
Daryl and I were talking and we came up with a plan....
Have you seen Caddy Shack?
I'm just meeting up with Oliver and Cassie at Target. They probably need me to buy all their stuff.
Bronco is a great defensive coordinator but a terrible head coach.
Shoot I just missed my turn!
Lonny put brownies in Karl's mailbox with a note that said "no hard feelings." But he didn't get a note back
Bob is NOT their father! He isn't even MARRIED to Deidri...
Bronco has lost fans and many of his players...
Tyrone Corbin is a terrible coach.
Natalie had hiccups every 2 seconds for 3 days straight. They finally had to take her to the hospital and have her sedated...
I'm waiting to see what happens when Jon and Kathleen get back. She said she's gonna take me on as her personal project, you know?
No one smile compares to Fran's. No one. It's the most perfect face of any human.
I got turned down to be a bus driver in Preston Idaho...
I have to take an Ibuprofen every few hours for my teeth then something bigger than that in between
Im just here at Oliver's house. Im dressed as Joe Dirt.
That bed there just behind Oliver... I sold 3 of them yesterday with an adjustable base.
For Christmas Daryl fixed my computer and only charged me $50.
Karl's ok. He's just a butt.
Wherever Frances goes, Bethany's Dad is there with a camera.
I don't think the Jazz fans would care if they only won 15 games next year...
I made myself a salad at Jon's house and they had dressing from the Olive Garden to put on it
No, it's not the truck. It's the 626. I just bought this!
Terry's a flake. But he's a lovable flake. 
I just look at pictures of Frannie all day cuz I no longer have a daughter.
*Watching the Hallmark channel*
Shannon said if I felt pain in my leg in addition to the swelling, then I had a blood clot. And guess what? I felt pain in my leg.
Bethany says I am the best gift giver she's ever seen. 
Did you see Emmerson spitting with her tongue on YouTube?
I like to shop at Kmart.
Lonny says he's famous for 2 things: his singing, and his brownies. They are to die for....
Has Hillary said anything to you about my Christmas presents?
Gas is $2.95 by my house.
Im a grown freaking man!
What size top is Beth?
Andy and Erin are such a cute couple on the office.
You're right. Conan is the best.
Karl goes on vacations all the time and spends lots of money.
It was so dead in the store last week. You can't lay down on the beds though or else customers will catch you.
It's like that one episode of Seinfeld where George sleeps under his desk...
Jimmer can't shoot. I think he's really feeling the pressure.
James Taylor plays and sings so effortlessly.
I just want to know where Oliver's going and when he'll be back.
I think you'd have to kill Ginobili to stop or slow him down.
Kathleen says she will take me on as her personal project.
I used to be the biggest Lakers fan! They were my team
On black Friday I opened up the store at 8:30am and closed at 9:00pm!!
Olivers court dates have just been a colossal waste of money.
Just listen to this song. I know it's country music, but you'll love the guitar!
I was going to make pot peas and potatoes for dinner... but it was just too hard...
Goll... BYU's best volleyball player broke his hand yesterday in practice and now he's out for the next 4-6 weeks.
Karl spies on me and Lonny with security cameras that he installed in the mattress store.
Yeah... I saw Gordon Hayward hit that shot. Jimmer hit a shot like that last night too...
All told, I've probably worked about 70 hours this week.
You'd like Susan. She gets it. You don't have to explain anything to her...
Fran's dance video is priceless. What a smart girl.
I sold a bed to a guy who is here for 6 months working on the Aquabats show. Do you think he'd know Jason??
They're probably the most reputable company in the entire country.
I have bursitis so bad in my shoulder!
Karl wants me to just drive all over the place.
Did you see that smile on Fran's face? What a beautiful kid!
Have you heard the latest with Amber?
Where does Oliver get all his money?
Adam Levine is a cute guy.
My friend Susan owns a condo in St. Augustine.
Have the kids shown you how they can balance a stick?
Hey check out my new toothbrush.. my teeth have never felt cleaner!
Just heated up my lunch. Soooo good the next day.
This show is about 2 widowed people who get married and put their families together just in time for Christmas..
That Shakira is a sharp gal...
Hey how much of a drug area is 1865 West North Temple?
Jon just bought a new Avalon hybrid. Nice car and 40/mpg.
I told Karl I shoveled 6 inches of snow but that was in addition to the 8 inches I had already shoveled.
I don't want to live up in Preston Idaho and be a hermit...
I wish Albertsons came back and made their deep fried turkey breast again...
You know... Alf really was a funny show.
I walked around target without leaning on a cart and it hurt my back BAD.
Jan and Becca would be best friends if they got together. Becca needs a kind voice.
That's the best haircut you've ever had.
I was lucky to get home last night. There were so many cars off the road and trucks that were jackknifed.
Did you know Steven Seagal has his own clothing line?
Look at this wrapping paper I got!
*Watching Tombstone* Ah this show was stupid but it's pretty fun...
Fran is a good baby because Griffany are consistent with her. She knows the law.
What is the site for the cat game you showed me?
Oh I love storage wars! yeppppp!
Cassie sent me a text and said that Dozer ate all their presents.
Did you see Oliver's shopping cart photo?
Jon said you can go pick vegetables out of his garden anytime.
At yours and Andra's Thanksgiving, were people asking "What's this? Ooh, what's that??"
Barry's going to come work with me on Saturdays, so we're going to split our sales that day.
This is the best bed frame money can buy! It's made out of recycled rail road ties...
Lonny is very negative about life, this store, everything
I met a lady at work today named Bethany. She said her husband's name was Bobby. I told her they should go by "Bobbany" 
If Terry's in town can he stop by your house for the BBQ?
Hannah, you're as tall as a tall drink of water!
Goll, isn't this car filthy?
Have you seen that Seinfeld where Kramer sees the pig man?
You go into Sears. I'm going to go sleep in the car...
It's like that Bill Murray movie where they have to talk with puppets on their hands... you know!
I told Lonny I'm not coming in til 4 on Friday. He doesn't have to work 12 hours, but I'm not working the first 8...
Have you heard your cousin's band? They're fabulous. 
Has Hillary been by lately?
So I was taking to Terry today. You know Terry...
What??!! Griffin won't be at the reunion? Im sick about it! When do they plan on letting me see Fran then?
The Hallmark channel has that little Santa graphic in the bottom corner of the screen. ...It's cute.
Cute video of Fran swinging with Dad. She holds legs so still until the end when she sees him swinging his legs so she starts to move hers. Smart Girl.
How much will gas be in 2 years?
Too bad I can't make it to the party at my gym. I wanted to bring 'bbq potato chip salad'
Man of Steel worst movie ever.
Utah's athletes just can't compare to BYU's.
When you and Andra hosted Thanksgiving, did everyone say it was the greatest Thanksgiving they've ever had?
I can use my "president's award" to kill vampires.
I have nightmares about granny... mostly about her peeing in her van.
Oliver invited me to hang out with him at his house and all he did was play on his phone
Those school teachers are so nice to Frances.
Gage is ok and waking up from anesthesia. Cassie very relieved.
I know you guys don't approve of it, but Jon's machine has pretty much healed my back.
I couldn't even put on my pants to go to the ER. I had to wear my jammies.. My shorts.
I used to be able to hoola hoop for 10 minutes straight.
Is it ok if I get on Beth's computer for a minute?
The Jazz can't win with Millsap.
That guy is a magician with the basketball!
Do you remember James Yosuta? I landscaped his yard... That guy could drink beer like a horse!
Do you remember at Wheeler Farm when that goat or sheep or whatever peed on me?
Oliver is the prize child, so you know your Mom and Bob are going to be out there for his birthday.
Hayden said "Hey Grandpa, gimme a swig of that egg nog!"
Well, Daryl lost his job again today. He says it's because one of the others stole his client.
Everyone wants to know what Jimmer's about. "Who is this guy? Who's Jimmer?"
Granny used to lock me out of the house and look at me through the curtains and say "go away!"
My back is killing me.
Beth should wear flashy glasses down to her nose, and a shawl around her shoulders and be Martha Washington for Halloween.
I really like Patrick Kinahan. I dunno why... He's kind of annoying but he also kinda likes BYU...
I've got to remember your internet doesn't work for when I come up this weekend so I can bring a lot of books to read.
Jared said "trust me" but I still don't trust him, you know?
They said last night that Bronco didn't even want to hire Brandon Doman.
What's the name of that Michael Jackson song about a rat? Is it Ben? Or Willard??
Jon may want you to try and sell his Murano Jennifer has been driving.
Oliver's been taking pictures of silly Christmas stuff.
Jimmer went 1 for 5 the other night. Probably cuz he was working so hard on defense...
Ugh! This is Coldplay? This guy has a terrible voice.
Is Ron Paul's shirt yellowish white? His hair is yellowish white... It's kind of pretty though.
Utah State fans are rabid. They've been camping outside the arena in tents.
If you need to make a call from the cabin, there's a magic jack, though I can't ever get it to work. 
You're sitting in a very gay position Oliver.
I can't pay to get my teeth fixed.
Goll. Taylor Sander broke his hand and won't be able to play volleyball for 5 weeks. 
I've got someone parking outside. I've gotta go...
Steven Seagal is a samurai.
Karl gave us a $200 dollar Christmas bonus. Sure helped.
Oliver's internet has been shut off cuz he can't pay for it.
Aunt Kris has a pair of shoes just like mine.
Karl never updated the Internet to show our store even existed.
Herman Cain would run a great campaign. His motto could be 'Raise some Cain!'
I don't get any reception at Lonny's house, so I have to drive around to make phone calls...
Well, I just got off the phone with the bishop, and I've arranged foster homes for each of you.
Terry may never go back to Wyoming... possibly...
Obama may be President. But he's not my President.
My Netflix is broken! It's now just a tiny square in the top left corner of the screen.
Millsap is a cry baby.
Howie Mandell is SUCH a great guy.
Karl yelled at me cuz my shirt is too dark.
I gave Frances her bear and she threw her arms around me and said, "Thank you, Grandpa. I love you so much!"
Lonny and Lynette use garlic way too much. They put it on everything.
My friend, Susan Childs, you know her. I dated her in high school.
Terry only answers his phone every 10 days.
Can you help me fix my computer?? It says 'Now entering power saving mode???!'
Me and Lonny are enthusiasts of your blog.
I've been listening to Alema Harrington and Ben Criddle on 960am Provo noon to 3 daily.
This year Im going to be giving away really bad presents for Christmas. Im sorry, I just can't do it anymore!
Help. Address for DMV Ogden driver's license division. It's not at 2447.
What's Hillary's old boyfriend's name? You know... numb nuts...
How's Hillary been doing since she found out Oliver and Cassie are stealing her baby name?
Hannah stood on her head in the outfield during tee-ball.
Lonny got a new job at Vision Works.
Stupid Oliver filmed the entire c-section then showed it to Hannah and Hayden.
Terry's obsessed with sports. I don't care so much anymore.
Do you want me to make you a protein shake?
I've just been here slingin' beds single-handedly....
My dry cleaner destroyed my sweater vest. Im considering suing him.
I love the smashing pumpkins! What's the name of their big song? Is it called "I get knocked down but I get up again" ?
I made Hayden a protein shake.
What's Hillary up to these days?
Christian and Hillary used to hang out with your cousin Kory... Kory Hoopes... not Kory Borgia.
Fran gets so upset whenever I leave the room!
Screw them over? Ha! I like your attitude!
Only text works inside. Wanted to know name of song Jaremy sang by Neil Young. Griff found it. Thanks.
Im in the camp of several other jazz observers that by getting into the playoffs this year, we've set the Franchise back 5 to 10 years.
Shannon crushed her hand chopping wood.
We have the stupidest coach in the world.
Kimbra, who sings with Gotye is very good in her own right.
Christian, THERE IS NO MENU OPTION OF 'FILE'!!!
Jeff Dye and I went to lunch together. It was really nice, he bought me a fish sandwich at McDonald's.
So it turns out that my license expired 3 months ago and I've been driving on it ever since. I just pray that I don't get pulled over...
I've been watching a documentary produced by the BBC called "shaka zulu" about the shaka zulu tribe...
Jimmer played the entire 4th quarter last night. He only had 3 points. But they won by 3
Have you got your Christmas tree up? Good.
Do you have a cheap dentist? I just broke off a tooth.
I don't know how Karl made it this far in business
That lady just butted in line! Did you see that?? She cut in line!
Have you ever had a shin splints before?
The 70's were big for me.
That was the best club sandwich I've ever had. 
Well Im getting fired this week....oh they brought me an award!
I've been sick for 3 weeks straight and they won't give me a day off.
They treated me for free, but only after I filled out two hours worth of paperwork.
What does Karl want us to do to sell more beds?! Dress up like chickens and flap on the street?!?
I think I'm gonna trounce Patrick to death.
I downloaded an Andy Williams song and now my computer says the FBI will open a case against me unless I send them a money order of $200 dollars.
Doesn't get any cuter than thi. THIS.
The new sales manager is just flat out mean.
Do KC, Jan and the girls like and eat PB and honey sandwiches???? I'm working on Christmas ideas.
Remember when Oliver pierced his own tongue? He pierced his own ears too...
Isn't Jimmer's shot a thing of beauty?
Chipmunks: Chipwrecked was the number 2 movie this weekend.
Hillary and Oliver are high maintenance.
I know you're all about the Jazz and sports.
Wanna go out to breakfast? That's what bonus paychecks are for!
Driving to Ogden for dinner with Lonny.
So when are you kicking me out of the house for your mom?
Is your friend Phil divorced? he's a good guy.
Goll Tyrone Corbin has a lot of nice suits!
They're saying at some point you're going to see Jimmer in a Jazz jersey.
You still hear in the NBA thats from Jimmer range.
What size top is Beth these days?
A guy on Cougarboard said he asked a pro scout about Jimmer and was told "he has a place in the NBA."
Well Lonny just got out of surgery. 
I will be working until I'm 80.
The Jazz must have the worst scout in the league.
The monster truck show was great. But during the intermission, a lady shot herself out a cannon and that was SPECTACULAR!!
Do you need me to call and wake you up in the morning for work, or do you have an alarm?
Yeah The guy on Cougarboard was probably embellishing his story a little bit
The King's aren't concerned with Jimmer's bad shooting. They're more concerned about Tyreke Evans refusing to pass him the ball.
Have you heard from Oliver? Cassie posted on Facebook they were at LAX at 8am today.
Oh that Frances, she's going to be horrible!
Your new vacuum works pretty good... it's a carpet shampooer?
I packed a box of food to take to Logan.
I have no idea what I'm doing next. I don't have a plan.
I just joined the gym down the road.
It's getting harder to shower at Terry's, there's no hot water anymore.
I still think Jimmer can play in the NBA.
We get military people who come in all the time asking if we give a discount. We don't... But I throw in a pillow for purchases over $599
Lonny has a million jokes, but I've shut him up for 3 weeks.
Cassie is really talkative if she is comfortable.
Karl says he doesn't ask Lonny to work shifts at other stores because he doesn't trust him...
Where is Hillary at today?
Lonny at work yesterday clicked onto a YouTube video of the Oklahoma tornado...
Fran is in good hands with Aunt Hillary.
Based on the pictures you posted of Frances, it looks like Hillary was over there on Saturday??
Oh, St. Augustine? My good friend Susan owns a condo there...
They have QUOTES from Sacramento's coach saying he'll NEVER play Jimmer.
I walked a mile to a caf by Jon's cabin. Well, almost a mile.
Could Bethany take my mug shot some time in November?
I could've been an apostle. I dated Elder Bednar's wife in college.
Hayden, you should do a Chuck-o-Rama commercial.
Is Frances still using her headphones?
2 months ago Oliver had no money. I dunno where he's getting his money. Probably Bob I guess...