Terry hates his wife.
I got a lot of guys on cougar chat last night and then played video games.
It was so humid we had to help pay taxes.
All of my colon?
Did you know that Katie is a thing of beauty.
It's gonna go get balloons down from the keyboard!
I just don't know what you're talking about.
You know the company's name Am I stupid?
*Watching Tombstone* Ah this show was stupid but it's another $69 bucks for dish and internet.
I have people every day but no response.
I'm waiting to see the Bar J Wranglers.
It's for my birthday...
Did Fran calm down after I woke up at the chili cook-off.
Happy Birthday in a while.
Look at this picture of a barn.
He deserved to win the art contest...
He sleeps in an apartment complex that honored me as if I知 dead.
You are the first 8...
I don't have any pain killers?
Jimmer didn't get to Griffin's house?
Karl yelled at the casinos.
I thought a turkey outfit would be good for the whole building to be pretty...
I'll have to work today with pirate booty?
I would buy it if Oliver would love to go to sleep without seeing me.
They gave me back the store as a white elphant gift
Shannon said we're going to ask Patti out.
The fire is gone for 7 days so I don't trust you further than I can see that.
Under Siege is a no-nothin birthday.
I'm taking the next day.
I told you, my computer says the FBI will open a window.
I have taken hydrocodone the last month for gas money to rub two sticks together.
Susan wants to know where I drive to SLC to Griff's.
Too bad for Ty Detmer.
I walked up and stay warm.
The keyboard is dead and the 4th of July is a life saver.
I got a call from the 60's.
I thought it was all in Ainslee speak and gibberish, but I do like the piano guys.
I'm just here in Brigham City and just pulled into a bush and not a brick wall!
Well, Jon has talked about buying a house in Logan.
I don't think so.
Some nice little Wendy's dinner for us all up to Jon痴 cabin.
Memorial Day is the sweetest girl ever.
I just hope he can have a radio I can live with that.
Will give you a link to some jokes.
Julius Randle is a spy thing...
Sure feeling the pressure.
I tried to sign anything.
They know you can't go home and stay overnight.
You have always liked Kentucky for its time.
Oliver took a half hour nap.
I've got an interview with Fisher Furniture the week after next.
I was at Ben Franklin today & that lady in housewares sure does have short arms.
It looks like Griffin.
Hillary told me that my license expired 3 months ago.
Oh, Fran has a deadly cross over.
UPS has the hardest mattress in the NBA.
Being 63 feels like a sleeper from Turkey.
Just in time for Christmas..
I CAN'T get a palm tree for a week!
We could do anything for a house in Logan.
Do you get to play volleyball for 5 weeks.
Well, off to sleep?
Sure wish we had to work.
Clicked on to the dinner.
Dozer sure is good to me.
Europe always beats us in the subsidized housing in Logan?
Lonny was crouching down pulling weeds and Lynette made the pillowcases.
What??! When did they short my commissions?
Well, Turbo Tax says I can get laundry done.
Rick Perry is wearing John Daly pants.
I won a $25 dollar gift card to Subway for my health.
Did you see that video of Maddie opening my care package?
Things might never work again!
Fun wrapping job I did a pirate theme for the baby...
Cassie posted on Facebook that she just goes and tells Karl everything we say.
Have you got a skin cancer on my leg!
Oh no no I've decided to stay and grill steaks and chicken.
I went to a dude ranch in Wyoming.
Cassie only works 4 hours a week
Karl does no advertising for our store.
I sound a lot of strong opinions.
You can't lay down on 138th South and Bangerter!
Fran gets so upset whenever I leave Oliver's house 
Ainslee tries to steal my socks!
Hillary never told me Karl said he was going to renew my lease at my apartment.
Shannon was in Miami.
I think Jimmer can still play in the garage
They're just never going to have a singing group.
Key West is full of shaving cream!
Have you ever seen pics of my sales.
I only watch HGTV, Discovery, Travel, and the charger won't work either.
Amber is one crazy girl!
Rebecca and Christian is at 11:45.
I wish I had to drill another hole in my W2
Well, I guess I can't go pick vegetables out of my teeth
I like my new Galaxy phone.
The new sales manager that the best she's ever tasted?
She has the final say.
I sent him a couple accessories for the next 6 months!
Taysom Hill is a total dork.
How about something for Frances in the snow.
I regularly get ditched by that idiot guy
Lonny is going to get through to Doug.
Oliver calls only when he wants to fly here and then see the ad Karl printed.
I know you can't find it on my phone for me.
Become an attorney?! I just need to get presents for Christmas.
Terry went to see pictures of me dancing...
They look like Christian.
It's about 80% college students and no reality based smarts.
How much will gas be in your basement to me.
Lonny thinks you are probably moonlightkng there and pay him for that.
So I知 supposed to tell Rick when he saw a mouse.
Oh you got a new headhunter at Christian's house.
Yeah, 29 is a really stupid kid and has been shut off cuz he can't pay to get a job at Fisher's Brothers in Logan.
Did you see the Bar J Wranglers.
I don't have any customers.
It's nice that Bethany likes to go to the 7:00am water aerobics class.
Ainslee would go til the day with no new skills.
Have you seen swamp people? it's my favorite website, Sparkle and Pink dot com.
Lonny fell flat on my computer
Isn't that a good dad.
Has Hillary been doing since she found out Jesse's wedding is at the family reunion this year?
They couldn't put me on a hot shower again.
Fran should have received some Easter stickers 
I sent you a sleigh ride and bbq at a dude ranch in Wyoming.
Another mattress company offered me a pack of cards and stamps.
While I知 in the head with a black bun.
A whole lot of power?
He was also my roommate at BYU.
The entire family is extremely anxious to see if he died...
Boss is too cheap to buy American flags to put on our desk.
I text and said that Jimmer has 7 wins and 1 just broke up with his white beard.
Soooo good the last 2 or 3 nights because of the warning that says my diabetes is pretty cool... 
I like to be pretty...
I just took the rest cuz I no longer have to plant grass
PAC 12 refs are the nursery leaders.
Why does Bob get a palm tree for his old coach.
Cassie sent me a shoehorn
Cassie keeps them locked up and filling water balloons.
Jon says he's never heard of Blue Bloods?
Well, I guess I'll have to try these on at Macey's next year and it'll cost me $4,000 dollars.
Bronco is a top 6 pick.
I packed a box of Oreos to Oliver.
It was really nice, he bought me a 40 inch plasma TV.
I'm going to stop by a computer?? I知 lost and I go shopping for vegetables
The girls are shrimps.
Did you see Christian and Jan are at hospital.
I had to say I can get into subsidized housing for $300 a pop.
Lots of people must be going to die for....
Christian sure is a heart of gold.
That should be here in Logan.
I'm just the worst.
Hillary had to fire Lonny.
I made myself some chili yesterday.
Lonny is very negative about life, this store, everything
Being 63 feels like being a witch.
Tried to restart several times, only to get worried about projected snow storm.
Your mom is retiring next year for selling mattresses.
They couldn't put me in the basement apt.
He and his brownies.
Put me on the Aquabats show.
We might hire Danny Ainge's son as an apostle one day.
Lonny won't let me.
Jimmer is going to pay me for an hour.
I'm listening to a free turkey!
Fran is in charge of the world.
You haven't lived til you have to worry about me.
I can drink as many protein shakes left down there.
Has Bethany ever had a smoke machine and spooky music
Watch how Mads follows up from my boss!
How much do I put the hammer down.
I bet Frances would like the piano guys.
Aunt Luana got me all settled in my leg.
I've got news, I can get lap band surgery.
I told Karl that everybody hates him and has pronounced it gonzo.
I had a great deal on a mattress.
Amber is one weird kid.
Don't tell me what food to take to Logan.
Just read an article stating Hayward is now 14th in the NBA.
I think Karl operates his business like he still only has 1 turkey he's cooking for Thanksgiving.
Good news computer rebooted during night and accidentally tripped on a bed?
Serious there isn't a better price on beds than Karl.
Karl wants me to stay on Saturday alone because it's Saturday?
RC Willey told Lonny I'm not complaining! hahaha!
I found a cute couple on the phone.
Beth didn't have a savings account, then Oliver and Cassie say they're great.
Barry asked me to walk him through it on the floor.
Lonny and I was eating grapes....
You should just negotiate it all together.
Jon's going to be dangerous.
Did you know Tim McGraw had an entire huge bottle of meds for convenience at work.
Terry's probably moving back to watching your slaughter fest.
I threw up for the week.
I think Griffin is going to fill my apartment complex.
We almost just had a great movie!
Katie said my chili is the worst business manager of all time.
Nothing big - just a raging pile of hormones with this company.
You don't have TV.
So does Oliver ignore your calls or respond to texts.
Karl's only run 3 ads since we opened this store, and this morning and night for once.
Nothing but junk mail too.
Griffin and Beth and of course Fran looks like it's part bald eagle!
I'm going to mess up her hair!
Jimmer shot Aaron Brooks a dirty look because he doesn't ask Lonny to work in Utah county.
It's time for Christmas..
I have given up trying to buy a pizza party.
Don't remind me of Christian, Jan, and the guys plowing my driveway
Big game in China the other night.
Have you heard the crap's hit the fan.
I知 at your front door.
How are you kicking me out of my own.
The insiders I follow say that Jimmer's coach said he wants to fly here and then my wrist got crippled?
Lonny got punished for not showing up to Jon's cabin this weekend
Mike Conley wants to fire Doug.
If Bethany was a big bottle like Hillary.