Wow CNN had to retract big story on "Russia" with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Wow Corey Lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
Wow Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past which is terrible!
Wow did great in the debate polls (except for - which I don't watch). Thank you!
Wow did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Wow did you see how badly (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like who could expect any more?
Wow even I didn’t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. 
Wow every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Wow FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
WOW great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! 
Wow great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points beating K!
Wow Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Wow I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page for that!
Wow I hear has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
Wow in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Wow interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!
Wow it is unbelievable how distorted one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is laughable!
Wow Jeb Bush whose campaign is a total disaster had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
Wow just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
Wow just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
Wow just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
Wow just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
Wow just won Missouri!
Wow Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania not enough signatures. Big problem!
Wow looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
Wow Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
Wow Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC &amp; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past!
Wow more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! 
Wow my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out V.P. pick!
Wow NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
Wow new polls just came out fro. m  eat numbers especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
Wow new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
Wow now leading in /Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Wow President Obama just landed in Cuba a big deal and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Wow President Obama's brother Malik just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Wow reviews are in - THANK YOU!
Wow Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday was on saying Times lied
Wow Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!
Wow sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
Wow so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
Wow Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
Wow Ted Cruz got booed off the stage didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Wow television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Wow the is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"
Wow the failing has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
Wow the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
Wow the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine DJT. So much for....
Wow the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Wow the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Wow two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
Wow USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Wow watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never no.” He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.
Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
WOW! 
Wow! I hear you Warren Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch: 
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Wow! Thank you Louisville Kentucky! on 3/5/2016! Lets !
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. 
Wow! This might be my highest yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! 
Wow. Unbelievable. 
Wowthe Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House Mar-a-Lago three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.… 
years as a pol in Connecticut Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Yes Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Yes it is true - Carlos Slim the great businessman from Mexico called me about getting together for a meeting. We met HE IS A GREAT GUY!
Yesterday I signed the (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States! 
Yesterday I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
Yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers the Medal of Valor. 
Yesterday it was my great honor to welcome President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇳🇬 
Yesterday on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine Pavlo… 
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories. Lyin’ Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
Yesterday's failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed! 
Yet another terrorist attack this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father shot at by a Palestinian terrorist was killed while:
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: 
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.Thank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all and GOD BLESS AMERICA! 
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. 
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! 
You can change your vote in six states. So now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at: 
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! 
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. 
You have until 8pm to Delaware! 
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION 
You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! 
ZTE the large Chinese phone company buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
🚨BREAKING🚨: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents"



























































































































































































