$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! 
.  Great job on this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
. was just banned by - their loss! Tough loyal guy.
..(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
Supreme Court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
"collusion" which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics but the R's
(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices.to foster a truly level playing field."
..may be their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! 
..They can help solve problems with North Korea Syria Ukraine ISIS Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along but didn‚Äôt have the ‚Äúsmarts.‚Äù Obama and Clinton tried but didn‚Äôt have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
.8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
.agencies not just the FBI &amp; DOJ now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump which I don‚Äôt believe were accuratehe leaked information (corrupt).‚Äù Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on 
.Also there is NO COLLUSION!
.and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
.and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote today!
.And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! 
.and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
.and why hasn‚Äôt the Podesta brother been charged and arrested like others after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington D.C.?
.At what point does this soon to be $20000000 Witch Hunt composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia No Obstruction but they aren‚Äôt looking at the corruption
.because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday .
.because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp; kill healthcare. On Tuesday .
.Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten ‚Äúshutdown‚Äù but what they are really doing is shutting down our military at a time we need it most. Get smart MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.came to the campaign. Few people knew the young low level volunteer named George who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
.cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn‚Äôt report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only so reporteddoesn‚Äôt fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
.chief law enforcement officer and they told me later ‚Äòoh by the way I‚Äôm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office I would be frustrated tooand that‚Äôs how I read that - Senator Sessions why didn‚Äôt you tell me before I picked you..
.Congress ‚Äì House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
.countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military not do a Dem defund.
.doing things that nobody thought possible despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back) so now they do the Unthinkable and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
.earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
.for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
.getting great border security and healthcare. tomorrow!
.great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire and now for no reason whatsoever his reputation has been shattered. Not fair Tester!
.History shows that a school shooting lasts on average 3 minutes. It takes police &amp; first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained gun adept teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
.If a potential ‚Äúsicko shooter‚Äù knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won‚Äôt go thereproblem solved. Must be offensive defense alone won‚Äôt work!
.immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A ‚Äúgun free‚Äù school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
.In the interim Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin‚Äôs service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
.is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class companies and jobs!
.it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. is the enemy!
.it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. is the enemy!
.it means lying or making up stories. Sorry I don‚Äôt see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
.lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more) which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides there was NO COLLUSION with Russia except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
.non-existent ‚Äúsources‚Äù and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble even if.
.On 18 to 21 Age Limits watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this but not much political support (to put it mildly).
.People are angry. At some point the Justice Department and the FBI must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
.release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
.Some of those they are harshly treating have been ‚Äúmilking‚Äù their country for years!
.the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media. I had to beat and did. We will continue to WIN!
.The President Obama quote just before election. That‚Äôs because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn‚Äôt want to ‚Äúrock the boat.‚Äù When I easily won the Electoral College the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
.the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!
.The Wall will be paid for directly or indirectly or through longer term reimbursement by Mexico which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is ‚Äúpeanuts‚Äù compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
.There are lots of really good lawyers in the country he could have picked somebody else!‚Äù And I wish I did!
.This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
.This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform) which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
.to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
.top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossierhe knows about the Dossier he denies knowledge of the Dossier he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier which.
.Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming..
.untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case and the events surrounding it will go down as one of the worst ‚Äúbotch jobs‚Äù of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
.victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
.We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea maybe things will work out and maybe they won‚Äôt - only time will tell.But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
.we need to keep America safe including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system to one that is merit-based. 
.your release possible and HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
2nd Amendment Strong Military ISIS historic VA improvement Supreme Court Justice Record Stock Market lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals massive regulation cuts energy freedom pipelines border security.
a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law.The FBI wasn‚Äôt straight with Congress as it hid most of these facts from investigators.‚Äù Wall Street Journal
about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend.
addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure transparency and
allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness we stand strong
and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke" he colluded or obstructed and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER and were rejected still don't.
and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He‚Äôs also weak on borders and crime. Sadly our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! 
and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story record Stock Market border security military strength jobs..
approvals of The Keystone XL &amp; Dakota Access pipelines. Also look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp; our great new Supreme Court Justice!
are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
Based on that the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
big dollars ($700000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible‚Äù (among many other things). ‚ÄúPresident Trump reversed the policies of President Obama and reversed our economic decline.‚Äù Thank you Stuart Varney. 
but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
can't change history but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee Stonewall Jackson - who's next Washington Jefferson? So foolish! Also
case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey John Brennan" Witch Hunt!
confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation use Nuclear Option if necessary to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT but the weak Dem laws don‚Äôt allow them to do their job. Act now Congress our country is being stolen!
conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
design or negotiations yet. When I do just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program price will come WAY DOWN!
despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign or campaign contributions played no roll in this transaction.
didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor keep your plan!" It is.
does not include the Fake Washington Post which is used as a ‚Äúlobbyist‚Äù and should so REGISTER. If the P.O. ‚Äúincreased its parcel rates Amazon‚Äôs shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.‚Äù This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!
dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will. DISHONEST
Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51 some really good things need 60. So many great future bills &amp; budgets need 60 votes.
extremism and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and more importantly for the USA!
Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders who got duped!
for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade.
hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry but only one thing will work!
have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story Maggie Haberman a Hillary flunky knows nothing about me and is not given access.
haven‚Äôt even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
Hence I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
Hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people.
if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. 
in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33000 Emails got $145000000 while Secretary of State paid McCabes wife $700000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.
intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed..
is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"
It's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed with billions of dollars.
LaVar you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It‚Äôs a really big deal especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
long he doesn't know how to win anymore just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
lottery continues deadly catch-and-release and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA they should support the Grassley bill!
massive regulation cuts 36 new legislative bills signed great new S.C.Justice and Infrastructure Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
money to Bill the Hillary Russian "reset" praise of Russia by Hillary or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. !
never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails Uranium Podesta the Server plus plus
NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
owed to Wall Street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with. Food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. 
people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected..
people not interviewed including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader.
really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
Save your energy Rex we'll do what has to be done!
Senators should focus their energies on ISIS illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan and others in Puerto Rico who are not able to get their workers to help. They.
the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
the Ninth Circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system.
the Uranium to Russia deal the 33000 plus deleted Emails the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia.
There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime collusion or otherwise or obstruction of justice!‚Äù So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
they do NOTHING for us with North Korea just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
They should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself he‚Äôs worried about staying out of Jail.‚Äù Dan Bongino
time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!
to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
to stop drugs they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.‚Äù My standard is very simple AMERICA FIRST &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism.
to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story
treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words Ocare is dead. Good things will happen however either with Republicans or Dems.
vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to Germany!
very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair
want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.
way up. Regulations way down. 600000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
We cannot keep FEMA the Military &amp; the First Responders who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
We have not seen China‚Äôs demands yet which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe the meetings
We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia including Podesta Company Uranium deal Russian Reset big dollar speeches etc.
whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey but I did not make and do not have any such recordings.
Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China which is trying to help but with little success.
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis) not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
..under a magnifying glass they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology!
. 
. Anderson so amazing. Your mother is and always has been an incredible woman!
. Great job and advice on  Thank you!
.has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
.@AnnCoulter's new book 'In Trump We Trust comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
.the great Governor of Arkansas is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes border security and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
.looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected? 
.and in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! 
.asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100000 for himself.Phony 
.begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100000 for himself‚Äîa bad guy!
.is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more he endorsed Cruz. 
.is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
.was great on tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
.one of the National Review lightweights came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
.thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
.- got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground got there long before . So far so good!
.is . Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG ANTHEM COUNTRY. Total lie!
.is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
.is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
.is so disgusting in their bias but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
.is so embarrassed by their total (100%) support of Hillary Clinton and yet her loss in a landslide that they don't know what to do.
.is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about me!
.is the worst.They go to their dumb one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
.is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
.just doesn't get it and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists mostly losers in life!
.poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
.&amp; you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! 
.is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
.put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived the venue w/ thousands of people outside on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house many people  unable to get in. Demand apology &amp; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! 
.of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when in fact he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS he should be fired.
.got thrown off of TV by NBC fired like a dog! Now he is on being nasty to me. Not nice!
. You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
.We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
.&amp; his wife attended the - here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad. 
. Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
.@DRUDGE_REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll:Trump: 80%Clinton: 20%Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets !‚Ä¶ 
.thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.
.will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today ASAP!
.@EricTrump- unbelievable job on with @greta. That was better than I could do! 
.got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
.&amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition. @MarineBand:‚Ä¶ 
.did a spectacular job hosting the President of France and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
.Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children grandchildren great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. 
.Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 
.Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 
.Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse.‚Ä¶ 
.Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President and First Lady Juliana Awada to t‚Ä¶ 
. We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. 
. Dems are taking forever to approve my people including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
."Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"
.we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! 
.will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come!
.- "Objectified" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
."Outgoing CIA Chief John Brennan blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really couldn't do
.Chris Wallace: ‚ÄúMore evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP‚Äù 
.from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." 
.is changing their theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying is worse.Their phony poll is a joke!
.is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states great!
.is much better and far more truthful than which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
.is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN but outside of the U.S. CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
.is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
.is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6000000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
.should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump" the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
.@FoxNews-FBI‚Äôs Andrew McCabe ‚Äúin addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet) he was using allegedly his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.‚Äù
.is a total clown. Has zero credibilit!   
.@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
. Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on tonight. You are a true champion! Thank - great guy!
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree with!
.- ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! 
.- Obama Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat 
.- "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT." 
.: Bill ‚Äúclarified‚Äù what he meant when calling Obamacare a ‚Äúdisaster.‚Äù Actually ‚Äúdisaster‚Äù is pretty clear. 
.and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
.channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. 
.has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will ‚Ä¶ 
.has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS.where has she been? 
.has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? 
.is NOT above the law! 
.lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. 
.loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to ! Debates 
.Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.
.talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. 
.@HillaryClinton- you have failed failed and failed. to ! 
.@HillaryClinton‚Äôs Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: 
.@HillaryClinton‚Äôs Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment 
.@HillaryClinton's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage 
.@HillaryClinton's tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE. 
.just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called ‚ÄúWhat Really Happened.‚Äù Enjoy! 
.HSI agents and ERO officers on behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow American‚Äôs SAFE. Everyone is so grateful! 
.will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall supporting women‚Äôs entrepreneurship globally. 
.is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
.is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
.has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement!
.has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement!
.watched on and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
.is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
.- 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
.who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
.and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS do nothing!
.just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history" Thank you Lou!
.was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
.Major Garrett of covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda bad reporter!
.showed a focus group on me using a very bad word. I never said the word left an open blank. Please apologize!
.is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
.and did a 1 hour hit job on me today ‚Äì totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
.recently said that she can‚Äôt be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way who the hell wants to woo her!
.Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!
.and I will defeat .
.is doing a great job - so far no contest!
.was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
.has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to and has my full support and endorsement!
.was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke and everyone knows it!
. on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in / @Golf_com.Keep up the great work! 
.is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
.is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it which is really all that matters! Not 
.purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes." Dishonest!
.just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!
.@NFL: Too much talk not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
. Please correct I WON Virginia!
. The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6000000 for our VETS!
.@KarlRove- as per the show an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
.please explain to the very dumb and failing that I supported John McCain big league in 2008 not Obama!
.is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! ‚Ä¶ 
.is PRO-LIFE PRO-FAMIY   
.wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders no amnesty and an END to sanctuary cities. He is‚Ä¶ 
.will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! ‚Ä¶ 
.will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitutin   
. Chris thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! 
. Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
.is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
.one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C. just took himself out of consideration for "State".
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
.on now! Great! 8:18 A.M.
.@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! ‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
.of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
.Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
.horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
.Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives credit. 
.was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
.Exclusive: Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than 
.great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
.@TheBrodyFile: "Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real" 
. Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect‚Äîit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
.don‚Äôt focus on me focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
.T.V. show which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"
.is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATO.   
.is wrong for defense: 
.oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179249 while DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113826.‚Ä¶ 
.great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
.update and policy plans for the first 100 days. 
.Poll and say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie and I havn't even started on them yet!
.just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let‚Äôs now focus on our important security relationship.
.Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
.Mike Pence will be speaking at today's -- You have our full support! 
.states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."
.‚û°Ô∏è
.Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney
.such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
.Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8646551.Trump's is 7533692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
.is bad at math. The good news is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me!
. Thank you!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
@007cigarjo:   IS THE ONLY DEAL !!! 
@11phenomenon: blames for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis.
@1lion: brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You' slogan 
@55Lidsvill:   You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K
@60Minutes: DonaldTrump and his running mate to appear on in first joint interview. CBS 
if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing
@ABC:DonaldTrump: The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order." 
@ABCPolitics: .dominating searches throughout . 
@ABCPolitics: .led in conversation during the . 
@AC360: ‚ÄúHow can you unite a country if you‚Äôve written off tens of millions of Americans‚Äù   
"@adhd_fa:Kudos to for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending bias
I will be interviewed on tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp;"
@adriparsonss: Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him! Thank you!
@agentvf: New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart 
@ahernandez85a: Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time 
@AK_TWEET: 's hair gets the treatment n   
@aldonturnaolco1: good!!
"@AlexNightrasor: Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
@lilrachiepoo: Thank you Mr. Trump for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to """
@alextrent4: It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!
@AllegrettiVicki: You have great children future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father. Thank you.
@AmericanAsPie: Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!
@ameriflames: no one wants a Bush or a Clinton they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!
@angeloftruth11: Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi? 
"@AngieSteinberg: GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! 
Thank you America! 
MY POSITION ON VISAS"
"@AnnCoulter: GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
@governor_savage: is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. "
@AnnCoulter: I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""
@AnnCoulter: Trump destroyed Hillary &amp; Sanders moved in. But he didn't destroy her Trump did. 
@AnneBellar: CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!
@AnnesLimo: Thanks for Rochester rally. Great people thank you!
@AnnetteJeanne: I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump so much.
@AnyoneTennis: Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts vs the other guy...so obvious So true!
@AprilLaJune: OREGON votes today! Go vote for and kick it BIG TIME! 
@ArkaysDesign: Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!
@arnold_ziffel: also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as was speaking. 
@ARSenMissyIrvin: I want a you're fired" president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s. @realDonaldTrump"
"@AshleyEdam: It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months 
@grammy620: 1st time I heard I said ""wow"". I liked him! I then became a closet fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I wi"
@AshleyEdam: New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp; increased support for ...Not surprising.
@Ausbiz: Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! 
@Ausbiz: RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp; 
"@Ausbiz: Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to 
@HosierN: A vote for or is a vote for corruption special interests and lobbyists. Trump "
@autoprofessor17: Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. 
@autumnandews08: Jeb is incompetent and will lose don't waste your energy on that cry baby!
@autumnandews08: Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! Thanks!
@AynsFriend: CRUZ IS DONE 
@AZTRUMPTRAIN: I for DonaldTrump! ‚òâ ‚Ä¶ 
@babo_sirin: BUSTED AGAIN: in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising 
@barbaraslavin1: bashing distinguished women journalists won't win you votes She is 3rd rate a total dummy!
@BarronG510: The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you.
@bcuzimdamomma: No she only gets killed - we need 
@becker_berta: Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do attacked the media for all their lies
@becker_berta: Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people.
@Belizediver88: It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump.
@BertShad: Was going to watch for the primary results but saw - looks like tonight
@bfraser747: Watch out HillaryClinton üëø Support üá∫üá∏ üá∫üá∏ üá∫üá∏ 
@big_carsonrocks: AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp; not owned candidate
"@bigdog_joey: is so angry. Our looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies 
RT @mike_pence: There‚Äôs one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy. "
@bigop1: 
@bigop1: 
@billrey16929057: is the only hope to 
@BirgitOlsen1: EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA
@Blackan: is the only one who will protect American interests. 
@bluedogdemky: This is why I would think the unions would support for 
@Boazziz: . Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric the crowd unstoppable &amp; Kingly.
@Bonfiredesigns: Let's Get United In America With 
@Bonfiredesigns: Standing with as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA 
@BornToBeGOP: No sleep for the !
@BradCross4: 
@Brainykid2010: The ad was actually very good!
@BrazielCarol: Who started this mess the protesters of course . And media made it worse.
@brazosboys: Hillary read sigh" off the Teleprompter She's so fake she has to be told how to feel: 
@brimyers813: Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success.
@Bubble709_: Praying for your family and your win in New York. Thank you!
@buiIdthewall: high energy!
good I want to see the court decide what I was always told natural born" means - born on American soil"
@Cam: Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on I'll post 
@CarolBurnett3: I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you
@Carolyn82471448: All aboard the Trump Train!
@CarrollKuykend2: This veteran just voted in the SC primary let's make America great again!
@CASuperrunner: Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind I agree!
"@CatOnGlass: 200000 new followers for @realDonaldTrump. From 10800000 to 11000000 All in the last ten days or so! 
.@SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. "
@ChadRowland3: A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. 
@CharlesHodgson1: A lot more water after this bombshell Rubio. You are an enemy of America. 
"@ChatteringTeef: hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic
@classyexplorer: Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!"""
"@CherNuna: It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this then it's that.
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C"" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can"
@chgardens1: Pathetic attempt to bribe He can't be bought
@ChJLuc91: Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump CANT be ! 
@chrisboydbrew: @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions great answers Lou is great
@CJCboi: Checked YOUR wallet lately Mr Ailes?
@CLewandowski_: .--failed strategist" who can't find clients criticizes winning . Stop complaining &amp; try winning
@CLewandowski_: Massive crowd in Pensacola Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU! 
"@cmichaeld2004: Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee what happened to that 30% ceiling
@ileanabarkus: I totally agree! is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO "
Whether we are Republican or Democrat we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
@codyraymille: I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degre.   Great!
@CompresPhyllis: I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best
@conservativevin: Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!
@copyover200:   Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?
"@COWBOYSFORTRUMP: That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how THE MOVEMENT"" d"
@CreativeXwalk: teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again.
@creta_r: Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!
@Crusade4Honest:   Megan can not contain her bias it's in every show Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT
@Crz4basball: Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too.
@curtandkaren: Kudos to and for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy üëç
@CyberCiety: clarified how is used to interpret meaning f   
@D: Washington Post: Constitutionally speaking simply isn‚Äôt eligible to be president 
@Dale_Dangler: You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen Thanks.
@danpfeiffer: For the record most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump So true!
@DanScavino: Ford to scrap Mexico plant invest in Michigan due to Trump policies
@dantegtmeyer: ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls 'Slave of the ' Video 
"@DarrenWaggener: What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT and what is going on in Great Britain with what is happening in the U.S. People wa"
@Davejager1: 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS.
@davidshiloach: Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!
@DavidWohl: Barack is offended that will demand that allies pay their fair share. 
"The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support IS the reason they are losers
@NathanDWilsonFL: you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to"
@dbongino: ‚ÄòNow cut off my mic!‚Äô Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump 2nd Amendment ‚Äì HEATED! 
@ddpick18: This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!
"@deacon6375: i honestly believe you are the only one who can make .
@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb."
@debdew2: FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE - TRUMP IS WINNING 
@DebraRakestraw: You have over 2M followers more than than @HillaryClinton. This says something about how America feels. üá∫üá∏
"@DharmaBum77: Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets! 
RT @seanhannity: Watch: Donald Trump OWNS A Heckler Who Said Illegal Immigrants Are The Backbone Of America 
@DiamondandSilk: .awesome job on @CNNSotu. DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call Delegate Bribery"
"@DiamondandSilk: .is who we need 2 fix this corrupted rigged system. 4 no Profit Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule.
Thank you for today's endorsement New York Veteran Police Association! 
@DiCristo13: let's have the policy speeches on immigration economy foreign policy and NATO! 
@DistlerJoyce: OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP 
@DjD_Thunder: Standing by all the way to the White House! 
@djw11223: The crowd was HUGE 
@dmharvey89: I just voted for in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit! Fantastic!
@DnGLax: Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job don!   üá∫üá∏
@dnmiller2000: I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!
@Doctor_S_Freud: They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all A dead show
@Don_Vito_08: A picture is worth a thousand words" 
@Don_Vito_08: Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! JOIN ME ON THE üöÇ 
@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner 
"@DonaldJTrumpJr: Honored to be in with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
@Ma1973sk: Actually no has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day every show trashing negativ"
@donell27743094: trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said peed" - is he still in junior high school."
@donnieboysmith: in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak Thank you!
@drgoodspine: Trump is great a woman with real character and class.
@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media.
"@dubilujane: I trust more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A without a doubt.
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! 
@dukeofbc: debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA not Canada
"@DumpFoxNews: If media wasn't so biased against Trump he would've won all of the delegates.
@SCNAK45: is trying so hard to bash it's ridiculous"" Don't worry everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!"
@EazyMF_E: Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful presiden!   Thank you!
@eericmyers: Republican leadership" should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for Donald J. Trump."
@elisac006: I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!
 Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes known as Pocahontas bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American is a lowlife!
Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won.
@elsolarverde: THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton 
"@Elvisfan1976: stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!
@dj4k4000: Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this."""
@EmaGabi23: Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol
@EnemyWithinn: People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump. That would indeed be nice!
@Enlighten2881: How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?
@ericnlin: DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years home not worth what I paid for it healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar. TRUMP 2016
@EricTrump: Nevada we are on our wa!   Caucus locator: 
@EricTrump: Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan Mississippi Idaho &amp; Hawaii today! Amazing father! 
@EyeCandyTMGayle: please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful Good!
@fairess369: It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony.
@FamilyRedsFans: is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubi.   He is weak on illegal immigration!
"@FiIibuster: Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud shame! Bad reporter.
@JoeBowman12: just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !"" still doesn't get it. They"
@fivestarr6028: Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 already! 
 ‚ÄúNew Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?‚Äù Even Clapper worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head who has the problem of lying a lot used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
According to report just out President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
"@FoxBusiness: .@RepTomMarino: I think can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
.You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxand"
@foxnation: Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor': 
@FoxNews: .@JamesRosenFNC: Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @TheJusticeDept." 
@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs very dishonest.‚Äù 
@FoxNews: We certainly don‚Äôt want intelligence interfering with politics and we don‚Äôt want politics interfe‚Ä¶ 
@FrankDallasAgg: Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!
@Franklin_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect @realDonaldTrump--the electoral votes are in and it's official. Thank you Franklin!
@FrankyLamouche: how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east.
@FreemarketSara: Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations 
@gamzorz: Dont worry Trump They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop
@Gearssuxs: I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary. Great!
@GeeVeeM: Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine.
@gene70: And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions? 
@gene70: Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! 
@gene70: The Real Person Of The Year! 
@Gengm7: As of April this year Hillary had spent $264000000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55000000. self funding
@Genie115: we can only do that with RT 
"got ass kicked by last night-He offended every New Yorker &amp; has no answer to Natural Born issue
Jusr watchd   on - he was great!
RT @JaniceTaylor912: @Ivan"
@gerriweth: Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job
@getreal1234: let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump
@ghosthunter_lol: Iowa key endorsement for Can't wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks! 
"@gigglemitz: damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!
@classyexplorer: So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 per"
@GmoneyRainmaker: I hope has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @FoxNews. Watching Trump tonight 
"@GoldJazz559: Leader: ‚ÄòNo Regard For Black Race‚Äô 
@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. she forgot how she said a KKK member w"
@Good2bqueen67: They're too lame to get it Sir. When you win the election they'll get it.
"@GOP_Left_Me: Donald Trump won that debate hands down Christi beat up Rubio.
@MarkHalperin: My debate report card: Christie A- Trump A- Bush B+ Kasich B+ Cruz B Carson C Rubio D. Full report cards here."
@gordonsr1052: Washington BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!
@gracefulme3: Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony
@grammies28: was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back. 
@Granite_Hope: How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made a big problem
@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!   
@gregens21: She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says.
@gregusp61: You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!
@GriceCindy: That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!
"@Gsimmons03Ginny: ..Kaine is awful Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies we are ready to see America Great Again!
Clinton‚Äôs Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: 
@GStephanopoulos: What‚Äôs @realDonaldTrump's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I‚Äôll talk to the Republican front-runner. @ThisWeekABC.
"@HaloDad22: I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent ! We represent ! 
@SCPioneer: Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took."" Thank"
@HaloOneForTrump: takes hit on advertising revenues by screwing with ROFL! 
"@HARyder: Which is it ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it? Get rid of it fast.
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous c"
@HavBat22: is 100% correct . And u and the rest of u muppets refuse to HEAR HIM. So true!
@HenryLeledog: This Black Democrat is on the TRUMP TRAIN"!!"
@HenryOray: is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors
@herb_stamper: we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him Great!
@HFFoundation4: One thing we know for sure supporters will turn to - absolutely not 
@HighonHillcrest: what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! 
@hillx123: you have just been put on notice We Stand with you... Thankyou.
"@hofmannken: DonaldTrump wish I could attend one of your rallies none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you
Great time in Burlington Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The move"
@hollywoodJV: Mr. Trump why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots it's a great country So true!
@iamDaveK: first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?
@icareeguns: This is voting for . Thank you for supporting IOWA! 
"@ifdanyt: Loving he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!
@carol_lcnixon67: Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks."""
@ilduce2016: ‚ÄúIt is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.‚Äù ‚Äì 
"@iLoveiDevices: Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that
@SalRiccobono: Donald get big business back and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016"""
THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers for all you do 24/7/365! 
@Indies4Trump: Vote Early in te   will 
@itsblakec: Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country.
@J_Styborski: Hayes is looking depressed as well. 
@J58golf: been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!
@JackBurtonReflx: I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View.
@Janetlarose1: WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP ‚ù§ &amp;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... 
@Janik1968: Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts
@JaredWyand: Let's be clear.. is about Never someone we don't own" You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump.
@jd4160: Nice column by Bill Donahue head of Catholic League. He's a blue collar New Yorker and gets it 
"@jeffpaine: you crushed the debate! Thank you!
 
Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! 
! ht"
@jensen4law: Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE 
@JerryJrFalwell: A majority of evangelicals believe is best equipped to save the country. 
@Jimbos2002: Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. 
@jimhewitt: . doing on is awesome. Number one presidency of all time"
"@jimmyfallon: Tonight: a performance by Kiiaraand your funniest tweets. 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creatio"
@JimmyTheSaint09: anything is better than 
@JimVitari: we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush in general
@jknatter: 
@jlopez05391: Rochester loves you! See you tomorro!   A big crowd!
@jlund04: it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done.
@Jmoschetti1363: FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service FBI or (Dallas)police
@JodiL792: We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake &amp; sleep praying for you &amp; the USA!+Israel2
@Jodygirl1010: I am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with ! 
@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you
@JoeNBC: @jonkarl: This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.""
@JoeNBC: Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night.
@JoeNBC: Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South.
"@JoeNBC: FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio who needed to win the state.
@JoeNBC: Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. """
@JoeNBC: From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks. 
@JoeNBC: Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)
@JoeNBC: Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began while 60% of Americans still supported the war. 
@JoeNBC: Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night.
@JoeNBC: Trump Kasich Jeb and Christie all had good nights.
"@johnjohnlacca: Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president 
@markgruber1960: That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed"" True!"
@johnkirtle:   Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!
@johnkurkosky: THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE VOTE TRUMP
@Johnsmi01433966: The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off.
"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and on Tuesda!   
"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
@Vogelsong1: gets it. Was just on explaining how Trump wins the general election."" Thank you Ed!"
@Jolena3: And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!
@jrector34: Amazing job
@jsconlon11: I tried to give them a shot tonight but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team.
@jtsbk: thanks for sharing Eric we need now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe
@justin_sellers: Setup is underway rally in Madison. 
@justininglv: great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!! Thank you.
@Kacee50: Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!
@KaceyIlliot1669: We actually really do love you! Great!
@KathyCeurter: please Mr.Trump make your VP. He is a perfect running mate. He is a great guy!
@KathyTravels777: ƒ∫ Tonight on CNN was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people
@kdk144: Everybody is In A New York State of Mind" now!"
@Keeblerqueen: Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!
@KeithRowland: People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. Repeal and replace!
@keksec__org: You said it best! 
@keksec__org: Your policies will make this state and country great again! 
@KellyannePolls: Trump is headed for a win says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcoms   
@KellyannePolls: Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush. 
@kevcirilli: Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee
"@Kids123Nicholas: @realDonaldTrump.Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
@PennyHicks1:   Your tax and economic plans are second to none! 
@KinnardJan: I took Trump University class and saved my home!
"@Kj11100Me: Donald Trump will be greater president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for moralityChristianity.
@tcsorr: self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like @tedcruz. Who owns "
"@Knight276: trump right again ! Nobody supports Canuck Crz   
@Tuggers56: Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect h"
@kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube
@kristopheryan11: mr trump you were excellent on tonight Thank you!
"@KurtSchlichter: My pal was just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump. Thank you David you were great!
@jdenino1: 
"@LADYJOANNE: we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
@LADYJOANNE: we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!"""
@ladytsbrug: Lovely interview Mr. Trump! Thanks.
@lainey34210: Great opening Penceüíï
@LallyRay: Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart 
@laurencristmann: it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair
@laurencristmann: why do they have so many debates this year?? Also why is Cruz still allowed to run he's not eligible
@laurencristmann: Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm
@lblackvelvet: We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!
@levisteveholt: I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency. Very dishonest media!
@Lewenskimo: Your opponent has run out of ideas now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows you represent HOPE!!
@LexingtonBobby: 
@LiberatedCit: Key State Florida Poll: Trump 32% Beats - Combined 
@LiliannyLeebou: I think the first female president of the USA will be a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!
@lilredfrmkokomo: My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !! Great!
"@LindaSuhler: Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BACK. üá∫üá∏ 
@w4djt: ""Under a Trump presidency America will make brilliant new trade deals!"" ‚ÄîDonald Trump 
@LinHen23: Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help 
@Lisa_Milicaj: Truth be told I never heard of The National Review until they tried" to declare war on you. No worries you got my vote!"
@lisabrossman: He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!
@longbyfive: great interview with ! Thanks.
 I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are! Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!
You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!
"@LouDobbs: Hillary Just Handed a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! !
@sandrajeanne48: No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES @"
@lovusa4: Why WHERE IS THE REPORTING &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA
What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!
@LunsfordWhitney: This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be presiden!   
@mabynshingleton: JohnKasich the VOTERS have spoken.We want @realDonaldTrump. You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave 
@MagicMetalNinja: The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for .
@mai_Ttag: Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change never forget you are our messenger!
"@maidaa17: GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her destroying America.
@CharleneOsbor17: politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House."""
@malski1954: I changed parties to vote for you no one else measures up to you The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake
@Margee11: VOTE SMART RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/ 
@mariadaq: HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt record unemployment &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!
@MariaErnandez3b: Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally STRONG 
@marie7777777777: we love u to Trump Family. God bless you.
"@Mark98z: Mr. TRUMP this was your best most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of them)... WELL DONE
@samuelghaddad: Wow! Let's hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize "
From Bush 1 to present our Country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars
"@MarkHalperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long
Thank you to the people of New Hampshire I love you! Now off to South Carolina.
Thank you New Hampshire! Departi"
@MarkSimoneNY: Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing: 
"@MaryAnn1942: ... You are like Superman everywhere! But I'm keeping up. Great!
@M0ther0f2kids: Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD"""
@marybnall01: watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!
@MaryEH428: I thank God you are on board with to help him and us Ty!!
"@mathewjmari: On was on the ball &amp; is in a time warped stupor. will EXPAND 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite th"
@mazzei48: Listening to interview on replay of Savage Nation DONALD TRUMP !!!!! Thanks.
@meequalsfree: Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house! 
did great on television this morning. Poised smart and strong with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
@melindaross123: There isn't anything Donald Trump says that I don't agree with. Go Trump!
@MEMEoryHead: I'm one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I can't wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!
@metalmom888: If the GOP screws Trump his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard
@Metazip: TheTrump phenomenon summed up: ‚ÄúLeadership Fighter and Winner.‚Äù Not a Liar 
@MiamiNewTimes: Poll: Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined. 
@micah_micahk: this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting! 
@michael_favreau: He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016
@michaelG4NY: new WSJ poll shows pulling ahead of in . 
@mike_pence: Congratulations to @RealDonaldTrump; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!
@mikeliberation: This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol 
@mikiebarb: A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination" for Rubio says @apalmerdc: 
@missi51: .thank God is not a politician but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us the people.
@MJP1370: Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !
@MMMDigits: Well done ....great display of Southern pride and hospitality at event. Fired up and ready to go!!
 Colin great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
@montgomeriefdn: Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it 
@morg25016893: Also all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits just petty. Trump clearly the only one w/all the skills.
@MrJuuon: will be overtaken by . We are superior and have more supporters. .
"@MrTohNey: Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory both were written off but they keep scaling the heights. History?
@QueenCharlotteO: I'm a women &amp; I 100% support &amp; I have since the"
@Mutual408Grace: California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out &amp; vote.
@MyPresidentme: Here's Trump in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. 
@namusc:   is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium.
@NancyNielsenn: Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it
@nauthizjane: Congratulations Mr. Trump. Thank you!
@NBCDFW: Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering 
@need2knowu: yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!
@NeilTurner_: Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt; 
@NeilTurner_: 
@NeilTurner_: 
@NeilTurner_: There's only one real candidate and it's you! Donors control the other candidates! Thank you.
@NeilTurner_: 
@nellalda: They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!
@nellalda: We stand by Trump 100% Thank you!
@newtgingrich: turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive nominee 
@newtgingrich: Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making
@newtgingrich: Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure
"@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core
@LukeBrinker: One year from today. 
@NorahODonnell: Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold.
...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. 
@nytimes: Breaking News: Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists 
@oasisupernova: UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE üöÇ 
@OliMauritania: Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals 
"@OSPREY675: I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support as do I. by sticking together.
@tweak626: I'm at a biker rally in Perry Kansas...and everyone is a fan. Love it."""
"@Patrici: Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron Ohio is a Sea of Women Minorities Independents Dems 
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the sla"
@Patricia_Graf: let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs
@patrioticpepe: ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!! 
@pattiandsammi: WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. 
@PaulaDuvall2: Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood he'll be against it!
@PaulaDuvall2: We're all enjoying you as well Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you! Nice
@pbralick: great on too Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!
"@piersmorgan: BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
We must not let take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. 
"@piersmorgan: Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. 
@piersmorgan: Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always calls it right: Trump held them off. "
@pink_sprnva: I agree with you on this. won't be good. He will be great!
"@PiperSul: Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
@DeepakS76435750: congratulations from India"""
"@Plazzmatic: Sounds like the advertisers want Trump he knows what he is doing.
@_HankRearden: I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949z 
"@PMNOrlando: I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank) &amp; she still has room.
@RhondaR: Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling you know racism &amp; it's not DonaldTrump 
@PrisonPlanet: Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax. 
@puttster71: The next president isn't on ur stage. is the next president.
@PYNance: Evangelical women live at 
"@R_U_OK_UK: Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - 
@glozee1: Great interview with on regarding path to victory "
@ragdollive: what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!! Not really soft at all!
@rapidcraft: Here‚Äôs The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About 
@Ravenrantz: 's grand daughter 
@realbill2016: Trump leading LA Times poll 
&amp; leading POLLS w/ one week until ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on 7PM
hits new heights in national poll at 41% 
"@realericjallen: is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence Safety Unity &amp; US JOBS JOBS JOB.
RT @AnnCoulter: Trump's speech today was Churchillian only better. You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about @re"
@RealJamesWoods: Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. and her only hope.
@realOllieTaylor: Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!
"@realOllieTaylor: @paintonmy: IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
@paintonmyjeans: If I owned a big company that was failing I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wo"
@red77angelluis: LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!
@redletter99: Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHerald 
@redneckgp: All you haters out there STOP trashing the only candidate that will put ALL OF YOU &amp; AMERICA FIRST 
@RedRising11: üá∫üá∏I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FR   
@RepaloneLori: we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! üëèüëèüëè Thank you.
"@RepMartinDaniel: We support you . You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
@kirstiealley: HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of &amp; I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy U R amazing!"
 Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! 
"@restorereality: Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides stayed composed returned fire and WON!
@Slytle24: he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-"
...... critics are working overtime but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! üáµüá∑
@RichBooth6: good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight. Thank you.
@Rick_Gobbi: ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is. GREAT IDEA!
@Rketeltas: Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump
@rkirchmeyer: So brings in to add credibility in her fight with @realDonaldTrum?   
@rkswaney7: I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp; you'll have this Democrats vote.
@rlbenney: You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!
@RoadkingL: Wow Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. 
"@roadsho: Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote @realDonaldTrump.The only candidate that will protect your rights! 
Wisconsin we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! today &amp; "
@RobertMordica: Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time. THANK YOU!
@romoabcnews: .first interview since taking office. Tonight on tonight. 
@ron_fournier: President Donald Trump (just getting used to it) Wow very nice!
@ronnieclemmons: Trump now leads her by 2 - get real she will lose big
@RonnieMemo: DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that like me isn‚Äôt afraid to tell it like it is. Governor 
@RosieGray: Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump 
@RoxaneTancredi: Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people.
@RubinsteinNel: If Trump doesn't win we may not be able to recuperate America.
@rwalkerTennesse: If you want a job next January today. will work for the people.
@SandraR677582: Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! 
@SandraR67758219: You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!
@saneplanet: after tonight it is clear! Utah s   
@sara_wejesa: Great speach!!!!!!! Thanks!
@sareed59: Our ineffective has to make a speech in to make everything look great. Mr. Trump 
@SassyPantsjj: Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3 Wow!
"@ScotMReed: No matter what liar sleazeball says about in Tennessee. We have early voting and has won.
I hear the Rickets family who own the Chicago Cubs are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful th"
@ScottWRasmussen: Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally 
@sdcritic: There is NO QUESTION THAT did take place and in favor of !
...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
@setfire2flames: Senator Sanders spent more than yet lost.
@Sharp_Trident: A huge disappointment to see constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show.
@SheriffClarke: 
@ShoneeP: Trump for President! Bernie is a joke knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare
@SinAbunz_TM: TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBE!   
@SirHatchporch: Mary Kissel is an SNL character right? She's not a real person righ?   She is a major loser - no clue!
@SkylerDeckard: that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before" favorite line from tonights debate."
"@slh: I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on 
Thank you Greeley CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:‚Ä¶ h"
@snoozinglion1: .Great comment after last rally on Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz." "
@snoozinglion1: Full Speech: Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16) 
"@southpaw816: fans greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for at least you'll have a job.
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most vot"
@SpartanMaker: Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858233%. S&amp;P: 1314.5% 
@splashpoint50: Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!
@sprinklermanus: they're spending millions but you're still going to win - go Donald Trump
"Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty. 
@tiarardis: GO TRUMP"""
@sprts08: great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016
@stanColtrane: Turns out was wrong. had nothing to do with it 
All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!
@Stevekwebb: Love it! is done. We need someone who is proven. will make America Great Again
@StevenMeyers11: Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right
@stranahan: Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart 
@Stvzbnk: Just Watched @tonyschwartz. Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job 
@susanbirchfiel1: Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for 
@svhlevi: and we love you Diamond and Silk I do also!
@TakingIt_Back: keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! Thanks.
"@TarukMatuk: Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males poorly vetted.
@AngPiazza: he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!"""
"@TaylorEdwards99: THIS IS @POTUS'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED NOW!   
@free_SA_BD: A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country."""
@tcloer11: Great job! Make America Great Again!
@tdltdltdltdl: Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate panicked DC insiders tonight
"@TeamTrump: .&amp; are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
@Jnelson52722: Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies"""
@TeamTrumpAZ: Check out HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX AZ" 
@TeaPartyNevada: Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans." 
@ThAllenSBoucher: I love those beautiful gals. D + S = Two amazing women!
@theAgeofLeo: Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined.
@thecybermenace: Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell MA tonight
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@THEREALMOGUL: 41% of American voters believe the election could be stolen" from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico"
@Theresa_Cali: General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! 
@Theresa_Cali: Poll shows leads among registered Republican women with 44%. üëçüèª 
@TheSouthwasRite: cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots. WILL be our next President. 
"@ThtsWhtKelSaid: I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card &amp; take back our country
@BrandonSawyer84: will rule ! 
"@thydanielflores: .Best interview that I have ever seen.
@CostaKenneth: Great interview Megyn"""
@TigerWoods: Can‚Äôt wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. ‚ÄìTW Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
@TimeHasCome1: Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle
@TimVincent56: Talkers think about the future Doers are already building it 
"@TINAHILLSTROM1: I love &amp; REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial
.of the was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus poor level of concentration-"
"@troyconway: Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED! 
The rally in Lowell Massachusetts was amazing. 10000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson owner"
@TruBluMajority: calls Cruz constitutional hypocrite" on 
@Trump_Supporter: Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York ‚Äì Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... 
@Trump_Videos: .of the fame - We CAN do this! We can with 
@TrumpDoonbeg: Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote! 
"@trumplican2016: . There will be MASSIVE turnout for you Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jo"
@trumplican2016: stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE
@TrumpNewMedia: Get out &amp; if you don't NOTHING will change it's that simple! 
"@TrumpNewMedia: WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE! : 
@ResisTyr: Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it! 
@Trumptbird: Dear I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WI!   
@TrumpTrainRider: .Watching you on Fox with now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about.
"@trumpy17: gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!
@pearl_brendan: if doesn't win I'm leaving this country """
@truthinvest: Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask 
@Tytan01: Dear after doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over 15000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying.
@tzard000: Everyone continues to pile onto Donald but they can NEVER take away our votes! Thank you!
@ukcatwoman52: all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying.
@Valdosta_Monkey: Is Chris serious lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA 
@Valenti317: she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her.
"@vegas_sports: Good for he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for 
@GovBrewer: I'll be a guest today on Making Money with on Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing @re"
@Veteran4Trump: Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; We've Endorsed Him We Believe In Him" 
@VictorConkle: will defeat ISIS and 
"@vikkideiter: Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love @realDonaldTrump's VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
I will be on @FoxNews- tonight at 10pmE w/ from Wisconsin. Enjo!   
@vivhall3: here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. 
"@VoteTrumpMAGA: The media attack on is relentless. They are desperate. But they keep in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Dallas Texas! 
Houston TX:
@WaltSeher: yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump
"@WandaWalls20: Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar!"" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parad"
@Ward_II: Oh great is doing a on like losing the presidency wasn't enough He's a fool
@wdct8110: We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! 
"@wesleyfelixpsi: speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all. 
@manakoa:DonaldTrump you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. is a tough int"
@WesleyRickard: Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United Stats   
"@wh: 
@realwwshelton: I believe that will be the big winner tomorrow."" Thank you!"
"@Wheels155:is reviewing the weekbut majority of the show about cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
I will be on with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
@FaceTheNation: Tune in for our sit-down inter"
@WhiteGenocideTM: Poor Jeb. I could've sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day! 
"@WhiteJacketPink: just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education very poorly written.
@DittoPost: I believe in Trump!!!"""
@willspeakout: Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! Thanks
@wino91:   We know better than to trust the RNC 
@wolfblitzer: Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: 7546980; 5481737; 2724749 A BIG DIFFERENCE
@WPayton344: Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!
@wpjenna: Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight... 
@WVTTS1017: just listened to you on fox. I love you so much. Thank you!
@xGodfatherxzx: amazing on Megan Kelly Thanks.
@xXFlame: .Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0% NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!
@zhu_amy3: It's Morning in America again!!! ‚òÄÔ∏è‚òÄÔ∏è‚òÄÔ∏èThank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!! THANKS!
@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the peope   Loves U Thanks
{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess and she knows it. 
‚ÄòFood Groups‚Äô ‚Äì Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: 
‚ÄòMust Act Immediately‚Äô: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law
‚Äú45 year low in illegal immigration this year.‚Äù 
‚Äú90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative‚Äù -and much of it contrived!
‚ÄúAccording to the Center for Immigration Studies the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...‚Äù 
‚ÄúAmerican consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.‚Äù 
‚ÄúApparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn‚Äôt commit.‚Äù David Asmn   Really bad stuff!
‚ÄúArrests of MS-13 Members Associates Up 83% Under Trump‚Äù 
‚ÄúAt least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.‚Äù Wall Street Journal
‚ÄúBET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force‚Äù 
‚ÄúCharges Deal Don A Big Win‚Äù written by Michael Goodwin of the succinctly states that ‚Äúthe Russians had no impact on the election results.‚Äù There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. ‚ÄúShe lost the old-fashioned way by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.‚Äù
‚ÄúClapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN‚Äù FoxNews He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
‚ÄúCongressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts‚Äù So what else is new. He is a total phony!
‚ÄúConsumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000‚Äù 
‚ÄúDonald Trump‚ÄîThe Disrupter‚Äù will air on Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. 
‚ÄúEveryone knows there was a Spy and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.‚Äù Mollie Hemingway The Federalist Senior Editor But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
‚ÄúGOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton‚Äù   Good luck with that request!
‚ÄúHad the information (Crooked Hillary‚Äôs emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security...."Charles McCulloughFmr Intel Comm Inspector General 
‚ÄúHe‚Äôs got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton‚Äôs criminality at her own hands or through others that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.‚Äù on Show
‚ÄúHome Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August‚Äù Read more: 
‚ÄúHouse votes on controversial FISA ACT today.‚Äù This is the act that may have been used with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
‚ÄúI can die happy now with Trump Job performance‚Äù stated Mary Matalin. ‚ÄúA great overall President stunning!‚Äù Thank you Mary.
‚ÄúI have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.‚ÄùRob GoldmanVice President of Facebook Ads 
‚ÄúI‚Äôve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don‚Äôt see the evidence....in terms of the collusion it‚Äôs all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.‚Äù Jonathan Turley on 
‚ÄúIt‚Äôs clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign‚Äù Judge Andrew Napolitano
‚ÄúJohn Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself he has disgraced the Country he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American‚Äôs faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
‚ÄúManufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004‚Äù 
‚ÄúManufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest Outlook Survey‚Äù 
‚ÄúMy view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier it shows that he‚Äôs been victimized. He‚Äôs been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
‚ÄúOn 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 ISIS fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21 the U.S. military est the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles..‚Äù 
‚ÄúOn 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 ISIS fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21 the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles...‚Äù via 
‚ÄúPalin‚Äôs brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower‚Äù said Ralph Reed the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
‚ÄúPresident Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock‚òòÔ∏èBowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House‚Äù üá∫üá∏üáÆüá™ 
‚ÄúPresident Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2 2018 World Autism Awareness Day‚Äù 
‚ÄúPresident Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16 2018 as Religious Freedom Day‚Äù 
‚ÄúPresident Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25 2018 as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy‚Äù 
‚ÄúPresident Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24 2017 as United Nations Day‚Äù Read more: 
‚ÄúPresident Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‚ÄòUnbreakable.‚Äô History Shows He‚Äôs Right.‚Äù 
‚ÄúPresident Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2000000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we‚Äôve seen in modern times. 18000 to 26000 from Election and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump not 0...
‚ÄúPresident Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term according to a new poll.‚Äù Via: 
‚ÄúPresidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War‚Äù ‚û°Ô∏è
‚ÄúPresidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States‚Äù Proclamation: 
‚ÄúPresidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States‚Äù Proclamation: 
‚ÄúRussians had no compromising information on Donald Trump‚Äù Of course not because there is none and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
‚ÄúSally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.‚Äù Jonathan Turley
‚ÄúSchool shooting survivor says he quit Town Hall after refusing scripted question.‚Äù @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN Fake News. That‚Äôs why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
‚ÄúShutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die accidents happen. I don‚Äôt know how I would vote right now on a CR OK?‚ÄùSen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif)
‚ÄúSpecial Council is told to find crimes wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
‚ÄúSpecial Council is told to find crimes whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
‚ÄúStatement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks‚Äù 
‚ÄúStatement from President Donald J. Trump on ‚Äù 
‚ÄúStill Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent‚Äù 
‚ÄúThe Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5 notching its best reading since December 2000...‚Äù 
‚ÄúThe Faith of Donald Trump‚Äù a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
‚ÄúThe FBI closed the case on Hillary which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her they never even put her under oath.....‚Äù and much more. So true Jesse! 
‚ÄúThe four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
‚ÄúThe Great Revolt‚Äù by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp; Women are forgotten no longer!
‚ÄúThe President deserves some answers.‚Äù in discussing ‚ÄúSPYGATE.‚Äù
‚ÄúThe President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.‚Äù Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long &amp; beautiful list.
‚ÄúThe questions are an intrusion into the President‚Äôs Article 2 powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the President‚Äôs unfettered power to fire anyone...‚Äù Joe Digenova former US Attorney
‚ÄúThe recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.‚Äù JOE DIGENOVA former U.S. Attorney.
‚ÄúThe unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6% the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7% the lowest ever recorded...‚Äù
‚ÄúThe vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty. 
‚ÄúThere is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America‚Äôs elections there‚Äôs no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time and so I‚Äôd invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.‚Äù .....
‚ÄúThis investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn‚Äôt just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and scandalous.‚Äù Mollie Hemingway
‚ÄúThis isn‚Äôt some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.‚Äù John Dowd March 2018. With North Korea China the Middle East and so much more there is not much time to be thinking about this especially since there was no Russian ‚ÄúCollusion.‚Äù
‚ÄúTrump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign‚Äù 
‚ÄúTrump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform‚Äù 
‚ÄúTrump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books‚Äù 
‚ÄúTrump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign‚Äù No James Clapper I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal and a scandal to boot!
‚ÄúTrump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats‚Äô disgust‚Äù 
‚ÄúTrump‚Äôs Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!‚Äù Thank you Steve Hilton just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
‚ÄúU.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High‚Äù 
‚ÄúWe now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate or his campaign under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.‚Äù Jonathan Turley on 
‚ÄúWe‚Äôve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he‚Äôs exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don‚Äôt see it.‚Äù Judge Ken Starr
‚ÄúWhat America Needs: The Case for Trump‚Äù Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord Available now. 
‚ÄúWHAT HAPPENED‚Äù‚ÄúHow Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia‚Äù‚û°Ô∏è
‚ÄúYou had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly by all accounts to spy on the Trump Team.‚Äù Tom Fitton JW
100% fabricated and made-up charges pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
10000 people in South Carolina unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. 
11000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5000 outside. Will be back!
122 vicious prisoners released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL OH PA MI GA TX NM IN LA TN AR KY SC.Register: 
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! 
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' 
19000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! üá∫üá∏ 
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for.   
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up have no answer = resist!
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel Washington D.C. 
20000üìà21000üìà22000üìà 23000üìàthis year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year..   
2004 VIDEO:Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! 
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning let ObamaCare implode then deal. Watch!
39% of my nominations including Diplomats to foreign lands have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut &amp; Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
45000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again America!
46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp; his Administratio.   It is actually much worse than this!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly! 
62 years ago this week a brave seamstress in Montgomery Alabama uttered one word that changed history... 
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
70 years ago today the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp; now! Thanks NSC Staff!
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA IRAQ SOMALIA IRAN SUDAN LIBYA &amp; YEMEN
95% of Americans will pay less or at worst the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
A story in the that I was close to ‚Äúrescinding‚Äù the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources don‚Äôt exist!
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can‚Äôt have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat Jones in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
A big fat hit job on tonight. A total waste of time to watch boring and biased. said I would never run a dope!
A big salute to Jerry Jones owner of the Dallas Cowboys who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"
A budget that puts must make safety its no. 1 priority‚Äîwithout safety there can be no prosperity: 
A Call for Unity by Jason Greenblatt 
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! 
A complete Witch Hunt!
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! 
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp; Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!
A great afternoon in Tampa Florida. Thank you! 
A great American Kurt Cochran was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
A great book by a great guy highly recommended! 
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles.
A great day at the White House!
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! 
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake most showed great warmth and friendship.
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!Thank you &amp; ! Just arrived in!   
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs and I believe will be getting even better!
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year as well as the Teacher of the Year fro‚Ä¶ 
A great guy (with great ratings)! 
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the Infrastructure Summit.‚Ä¶ 
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! - Joint Press Conference‚Ä¶ 
A great honor to host the Champion New England at the White House today. Congratulations!‚Ä¶ 
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ @SecShulkin.üé•
A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America! 
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America! 
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife today. 
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!üá∫üá∏üá®üá¥Joint Press Conf‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
A great morning with everyone @LibertyU! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. 
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. 
A great night in Fayetteville North Carolina. Thank you! watch here: 
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
A message from @IvankaTrum!   Video: 
A message from Kim Jong Un: ‚ÄúNorth Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.‚ÄùAlso will ‚ÄúShut down a nuclear test site in the country‚Äôs Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.‚Äù Progress being made for all!
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: 
A message to my fellow Americansüá∫üá∏üé•
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! Video: 
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! üá∫üá∏Watch here: 
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Postthis time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks like Comey's must stop!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
A number of months ago I was not expected to win South CarolinaTed Cruz was and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! 
A political commentator for which I no longer watch said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb. 
A Rigged System - They don‚Äôt want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal ‚Äújustice?‚Äù At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
A rough night for Hillary Clinton ABC News.
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it ‚Äî and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. 
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! 
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West and to the world. 
A suggestion for the dishonest media- 
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name ‚Äú500 different examples‚Äù of conflicts of interest. 
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read: 
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue head of The Catholic League for the wonderful interview on and article in Newsmax! Great insight
A very interesting piece by a very good writer of and @FoxNews. 
A very interesting read. Unfortunately so much is true.
A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich: 
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP NAFTA high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees.
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS to protect OUR COMMUNITIES and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY! 
A woman I don‚Äôt know and to the best of my knowledge never met is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. 
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by of the @NYTimes. 
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by 
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and his representatives at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here &amp; when people make mistakes they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize
About to begin a rally here in Henderson Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:‚Ä¶ 
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
According to the a Russian sold phony secrets on ‚ÄúTrump‚Äù to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing &amp; understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war one great battle cry could be heard by America‚Äôs friends and foes alike:‚ÄúREMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.‚Äù 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Address to the NationFull Video &amp; Transcript:
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' 
After I will visit in Ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After I will be visiting Aberdeen the oil capital of Europe to see my great club @TrumpScotland.
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselvesnot Russia."
After 14 years U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture. 
After 200 days rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
After 5 SB victories since 2002 it was my honor to give Bob Kraft Coach Belichick and the players their first to‚Ä¶ 
After 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians" nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening but only time will tell!
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also) Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election the FAKE NEWS is still lost!
After consultation with my Generals and military experts please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
After Crooked allowed ISIS to rise she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: 
After decades of lies and scandal Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. ! 
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
After many years of failurecountries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security the tougher the better!
After my tour of Asia all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
After North Korea missile launch it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz≈ç Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea.
After raising w/ no obligation almost $6M for Vets I couldn't believe protesters formed Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder WHY? All I want to do is !
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles bad healthcare) this is finally your chance for a great plan!
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
After spending $89 million is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy!
After strict consultation with General Kelly the CIA and other Agencies I will be releasing ALL other than the names and...
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?) so much interest in it! I will be pres.
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb Rand Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries no way he would ever endorse me!
After today Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club Jupiter to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
After two days of very productive talks Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harveymy heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
After years of Comey with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more) running the FBI its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not we will bring it back to greatness.
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! 
Again the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Agreed! 
Ainsley Earnhardt a truly great person just wrote a wonderful book ‚ÄúThe Light Within Me‚Äù which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
ALABAMA get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! 
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "Big" Luther Strange. Smart tough on crime borders &amp; trade loves Vets &amp; Military. Tuesday!
Alaska Arizona Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp; Replace and some Senators not there.
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare worst in the country. Deductibles high people angry! Lisa M comes through.
Alec Baldwin whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL now says playing me was agony. Alec it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond funnier and a far greater talent!
Alex Baldwin whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond much funnier and a far greater talent!
All across this nation we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! 
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts not mine!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS the bandits that tell your pols what to do
All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history... 
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all! 
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy but good. 
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
Al-Shabbab not ISIS just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them which I must. Hillary lied!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport! 
Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on V.A. &amp; all that we have done and are doing to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard FEMA etc. A real disaster much work to do!
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today all over the great State of Texas!
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at 
Amazing rally in Reno Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE . Together we will put‚Ä¶ 
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like who is easy to endorse him. Not one Senator is endorsing Canada Ted!
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Amazingly with all of the money I have raised for the vets I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
AMERICA FIRST!
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! 
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put ! ‚Ä¶ 
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. 
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider'
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don‚Äôt get things done. Video: 
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big dreams bigger and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America‚Äôs destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American‚Ä¶ 
America‚Äôs greatest treasure is our people ‚Äì and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! 
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the 'American Dream!' 
American must now get very tough very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
American steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE! 
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' 
Americans stand with you and all of Canada Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. 
AMERICA'S FUTURE
America's hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of &amp; the . We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER! 
America's Labor Market Continues to Boom JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
America's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION the STRONG protecting the WEAK &amp; G‚Ä¶ 
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN 
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv‚Ä¶ 
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th‚Ä¶ 
An honor to host the Annual Easter Egg Roll! 
An honor to join the Coalition yesterday. In America we don't worship government. We worship God.‚Ä¶ 
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! Video:‚Ä¶ 
An honor to welcome PM of Australia to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the‚Ä¶ 
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland to the today with Pence. üá∫üá∏üáÆüá™ 
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person Ihave such tremendous respect for. Thank you Sheldon! 
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6000000.00 while the politicians talked! 
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
And finally Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...
Andrew McCabe FIRED a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
Andy McCarthy will be on tonight. 7:00 P.M. @FoxBusiness.
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning 
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse a friend. Will go this AM.
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
Another attack this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
Another Crooked Hillary Fan! 
Another Dishonest Politician 
Another false story this time in the Failing that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also I seldom if ever watch CNN or MSNBC both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon who I once called the ‚Äúdumbest man on television!‚Äù Bad Reporting.
Another horrific attack this time in Nice France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank yo!   
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! 
Another radical Islamic attack this time in Pakistan targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead400 injured. I alone can solve
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working.
Any negative polls are fake news just like the CNN ABC NBC polls in the election. Sorry people want border security and extreme vetting.
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the ! Remarks: 
Anybody (especially Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long rambling overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. 
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said" DO NOT believe it. There are no sources they are just made up lies!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism I don't want congrats I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Arena was packed totally electric!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
Arizona please get out today and vote for Congress in . Strong on Border Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept &amp; have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big &amp; very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: 
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings not by me. Sad end to great show
Arriving with &amp; @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight. Video: 
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with and @SecPriceMD..... 
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves! 
As intensifies - remember to . ‚òëÔ∏è
As a candidate I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade protect American workers and defend our national security. Today we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment. 
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now we are just days away... 
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working Americans. If you make your voices heard this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning ‚Äì the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM PROSPERITY AND PRIDE! 
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills! 
As a show of support for our Armed Forces I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it should be fun!
As a tribute to the late great Phyllis Schlafly I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
As a very active President with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
As Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
As election looms some bad news for Clinton Democrats:
As everybody is aware the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp but to no avail. Stay tuned!
As expected the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will win!
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
As I have always said let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
As I have been saying Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
As I made very clear today our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval.
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. 
As it has turned out James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! 
As long as we open our eyes to God‚Äôs grace - and open our hearts to God‚Äôs love - then America will forever be the land of the free the home of the brave and a light unto all nations. 
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter I want to wish all of my friends supporters enemies haters and even the very dishonest Fake News Media a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do facts pertaining....
As President I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it mos.   
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
As President of the United States of America I will ALWAYS put üá∫üá∏ remarks: 
As promised on the campaign trail we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thrive as the economy grows! 
As promised our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. "Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation"
As ridiculous as it sounds the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp; Canada have tough immigration laws whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
'As Senator Clinton promised 200000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' 
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
As the days and weeks go by we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out however there was tremendous leaking lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI Justice &amp; State. 
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold Democrats and Russians!
As the world watches we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! 
As to the U.N. things will be different after Jan. 20th.
As usual Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
As usual the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it) but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation: 
As your President I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. 
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
At 9:00 P.M. of all places is doing a Special Report on my daughter Ivanka. Considering it is CNN can't imagine it will be great!
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"
At some point and for the good of the country I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East it is time to start rebuilding our country!
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with ISIS the border &amp; so much else!
At the request of the Governor of Texas I have signed the Disaster Proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! 
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices and even homes are going to be raided with everything including their phones and computers taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp; DNC server) &amp; Intel leakers!
Attorney‚Äìclient privilege is dead!
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Australia New Zealand and more. I am always available to them. is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
Back in D.C. big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country. Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Bad ratings &amp; got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but because it was a rally against me they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters but the public is wise!
Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian" did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare the Democrats &amp; Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign we are hereby: 
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35 I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. 
Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump the latest in a string... 
Beautiful evening in Kinston North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:‚Ä¶ 
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a LIVE:‚Ä¶ 
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV! 
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! rally:‚Ä¶ 
Beautiful weather all over our great country a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!
Because of my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! 
Because of me the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters a record. If they are not careful they will all leave. Sad!
Because of the $700 &amp; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
Because the ban was lifted by a judge many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
Before I or anyone saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!
Beginning today the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:‚Ä¶ 
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience and congrats to Army!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years why would it work now? Clinton failed Bush failed and Obama failed. I won't fail.
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! 
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Bernie caved! 
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats‚Äîboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them &amp; run as an Independent.
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats‚Äîboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them and run as an Independent!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie run.
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie or my supporters will go to yours!
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people...
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters because of trade will come to me.
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. 
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability I can go along with that!
Bernie Sanders started off strong but with the selection of Kaine for V.P. is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Bernie Sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
Bernie's exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
Best wishes to Prime Minister and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION! 
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
Big announcement in Ames Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! 
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen).
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola Florida for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!
Big day at the United Nations - many good things and some tricky ones happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange he will be great!
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! 
Big day in Washington D.C. even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and job unable  U.S. Thanks Carrier
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things we will build the wall!
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct no ideas. Vote "R"
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. on is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed including healthcare.
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange tough on crime &amp; border - will never let you down!
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list of course is terrorism. 
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas while our people are far more vulnerable as we wait for what should be EASY D!
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big news - Budget just passed!
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
Big ratings getter and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for . Great Show!
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on 
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Big week coming up!
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone including Republicans Democrats and DACA but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare!
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act! ‚û°Ô∏è
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform 227-205. Zero Dems they want to raise taxes much higher but not for our military!
Big wins against ISIS!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie will lose!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? !
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy' 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'. Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
Bill Hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser but if the GOP can't control their own then they are not a party. Be tough R's!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on tonight- at 8pmE. Watch it should be good! 
Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning Merck &amp; Pfizer: 
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal &amp; that's about it. We need HealthCare we need Tax Cuts/Reform we need people that can get the job done!
Bob Corker who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee is now fighting Tax Cuts....
Bob Dole Warns of ‚ÄòCataclysmic‚Äô Losses With Ted Cruz and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: 
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ‚ÄúABC does not tolerate comments like those‚Äù made by Roseanne Barr. Gee he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn‚Äôt get the call?
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents but costs are out of control more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp; Release. Getting more dangerous. ‚ÄúCaravans‚Äù coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will and must build the Wall!
BORDER WALL prototypes underway! 
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
both countries will perhaps work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS JOBS JOBS!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A. $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing. 
Brought to you by &amp; her campaign- in Chicago Illinoi.   
Budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Busy day planned. Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' 
By not doing the failed poorly rated debate I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6000000 for VETS.
By the way Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video. 
By the way if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
California finally deserves a great Governor one who understands borders crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he‚Äôll be the best Governor you‚Äôve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry good move for the safety of our Country!
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime high tax problems - along with so many others. On June 5th. vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX a really good and highly competent man. He‚Äôll Make California Great Again!
California‚Äôs sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous &amp; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: 
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign by the people and party in absolute power for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question even with the expenditure of far more money LOST!
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories) today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years couldn't get it done. Must Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare!
Can you believe that Ted Cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! 
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country our Flag our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss! 
Can you believe that with all of the made up unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media together with the $10000000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion) I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt but the People truly get it!
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! 
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart ‚Äúthinkers‚Äù and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign....
Can't believe these totally phoney stories 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press have impact!
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people big &amp; over!
Captain Khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001 
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
Celebrating 1237! 
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in and they bring their whole family with them who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE! 
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. 
Charles McCullough the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. ‚ÄúEmails endangered National Security.‚Äù Why aren‚Äôt our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp; corrupt? 
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: 
Check out the fact that you can‚Äôt get a job at ratings challenged unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker whose job is in jeopardy is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal about what a complete disaster the has been under its leader from previous Administration who just quit!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won‚Äôt let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work which Chicago will not allow would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript: 
China and the United States are working well together on trade but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China for so many years that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool it will all work out!
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move we'll see what happens!
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the North Korean problem they will
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into China once again. This is REAL news!
China must continue to be strong &amp; tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen and North Korea to be VERY successful but only after signing!
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
China which is a great economic power is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
CHIP should be part of a long term solution not a 30 Day or short term extension!
Chris Cuomo in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
Chuck Jones who is President of United Steelworkers 1999 has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!
Clinton Aides: ‚ÄòDefinitely‚Äô Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official‚Äôs Wife' 
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP is in pocket of Wall Street and backed Iraq War.
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: 
Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President. 
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'Time to ! 
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' 
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women Gays' 
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript: 
Clinton Foundation‚Äôs Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
CLINTON‚ÄôS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:
CLINTON‚ÄôS FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:
Clips from tax speech and on now. Have a great day!
Closely monitoring from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City State and Federal Govs. working great together!
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1000000.00 from me. Remember I said- NO! 
Club For Growth tried to extort $1000000 from me. When I said NO they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
'CNBC Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. 
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. 
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
CNN‚ÄôS slogan is CNN THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention 
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: 
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G) then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled he McCabe and the others committed many crimes!
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down they will be thanking me!
Comey throws AG Lynch ‚Äúunder the bus!‚Äù Why can‚Äôt we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat or AG in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!
COMING UP on 
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in Charlottesville Virginia. So sad!
Congrats to Priebus a really good and talented man. We‚Äôre proud of you Reince! 
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE ‚Äì Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to - now it's onto the House!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football! 
Congratulations and on the successful launch. This achievement along with @NASA‚Äôs commercial and international partners continues to show American ingenuity at its best! 
Congratulations @SecPompeo! 
Congratulations America we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! 
Congratulations John! 
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! 
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
Congratulations to üá∫üá∏üèÜon your great victory! 
Congratulations to News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia Russia Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and ‚Äúpapers‚Äù should do the same with their Fake News!
Congratulations to on their new morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two ‚Äì good luck! 
Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUM!   
Congratulations to on its unbelievable ratings hike.
Congratulations to for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS - public is smart!
Congratulations to of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Congratulations to on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
Congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today. Amazing job!
Congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight 10pE.
Congratulations to and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Congratulations to all of the ‚ÄùDEPLORABLES‚Äù and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory! 
Congratulations to America‚Äôs new Secretary of Alex Azar! 
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: 
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! 
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Congratulations to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son Eric "Luke" Trump this morning! 
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ‚Ä¶ 
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job we are all very proud of you!
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier a man who has served proudly in the Navy on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven‚Äôt been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs. His Socialist opponent in November should not do well a big failure in last job!
Congratulations to my children Don and Tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Congratulations to my friend on winning a . A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States and the world so well in the Syria attack.
Congratulations to our new Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect‚Ä¶ 
Congratulations to our new Attorney General @SenatorSessions! 
Congratulations to our new CIA Director Gina Haspel! 
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor General H.R. McMaster. Video: 
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago people saw his great talent and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
Congratulations to Paul Ryan Kevin McCarthy Kevin Brady Steve Scalise Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy WIN in Dec!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy WIN in Nov!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 üá∫üá∏
Congratulations to the 2016 Champions Pittsburgh @Penguins!
Congratulations to the 2016 Tigers!Full ceremony: 
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! ‚û°Ô∏è
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the ‚Äî a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year! 
Congratulations to the Houston 2017 Champions‚öæÔ∏è 
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration! 
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:‚Ä¶ 
Congratulations to Thomas Perez who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him or for the Republican Party!
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie on the success of their just out book ‚ÄúLet Trump Be Trump.‚Äù Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! - watch here: 
Congratulations! 'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' 
Congress get ready to do your job - DACA!
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! üá∫üá∏ 
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't I will revisit this issue!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader Yale and then Harvard Law who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
Constitutional law expet   Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism via Bloomberg 
Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000 Read more: 
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform!
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good).
Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004üìà
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now. Thank you Stuart Varney Jobs are starting to roarwatch!
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately DACA not included in this Bill negotiations to start now!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
CPAC Today!
Crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Crazy says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
Crazy supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually he is weak both mentally and physically and yet he threatens me for the second time with physical assault. He doesn‚Äôt know me but he would go down fast and hard crying all the way. Don‚Äôt threaten people Joe!
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
Crazy Maureen Dowd the wacky columnist for the failing pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
Crime is out of control and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance... 
Crooked @HillaryClinton's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to ! 
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer 'bleached' emails &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction?
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians HRC is not with you. 
Crooked Hillary -- Makes Histor!   
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: 
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the at a private event. cc: 
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33000 missing e-mails?
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donor.   
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can‚Äôt stop which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is a mess!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch her time will come!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream!
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC.
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually she has done poorly with such men!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat‚Äîshe had one!
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side not mine!
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum‚Äôs ‚ÄòIslamist Money List'
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
Crooked Hillary Clinton who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama) is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
Crooked Hillary Clinton who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a ! Our country d‚Ä¶ 
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS or whatever she has been doing for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c‚Ä¶ 
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS China Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate goofy Elizabeth Warren who lied on heritage.
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. ‚Ä¶ 
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president and I will DELIVER! 
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so he should runnot her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
Crooked Hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." ReallyI just beat 16 people and am beating her!
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: 
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can‚Äôt allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
Crooked Hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way dumb!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or as stated by Bernie S she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog‚Ä¶ 
Crooked‚Äôs top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST 
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi! 
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! 
Crooked's stop in Johnstown Pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200 - with Bill VP
Cruz came to Mississippi there was nobody there he left the state. I had a rally in Madison MS with 10000! Thank you!
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values? 
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for . He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Cruz just lied again- I am and have been totally against - repeal and replace!
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Cruz says I supported TARP which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant. 
Cryin‚Äô Chuck Schumer fully understands especially after his humiliating defeat that if there is no Wall there is no DACA. We must have safety and security together with a strong Military for our great people!
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama helping to further grow our economy! 
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin‚Äô Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn‚Äôt care or act and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders hence drugs and crime!
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don‚Äôt really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
David Brooks of the New York Times is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn‚Äôt have a clue.
Death spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'
Debate polls look great - thank you! 
Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea this should have been fixed years ago not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' 
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama but now that I am involved he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel Chuck!
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
Democrat Jon Ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn't even live in district.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. in order to power through mess!
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can‚Äôt let that happen!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government hence the American People. They are ‚Äúslow walking‚Äù all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs saying that they are individuals &amp; must be nurtured or asking to end your big Tax Cuts &amp; raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don‚Äôt want to do it but are powerless!
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put üá∫üá∏
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama‚Äôs term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. 
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime illegal immigration Border Wall Military Pro Life V.A. Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy but they just didn‚Äôt care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor keep your plan?
Democrats used to support border security ‚Äî now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on HealthcareTax CutsSecurity. Obstruction doesn't work!
Dems are no longer talking DACA! ‚ÄúOut of sight out of mind‚Äù they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn‚Äôt care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win
Departing for St. Charles Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets ! EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:‚Ä¶ 
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from gang members. We will not rest until is eradicated. 
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you! 
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville North Carolina! See you‚Ä¶ 
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you! 
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! 
Departing Pittsburgh now where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! 
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with Pence Secretary James Mattis and our great teams. üá∫üá∏ 
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review.
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: ‚ÄúThere is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
Despite major outside money FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
Despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindication...and WOW Comey is a leaker!
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised I‚Äôm not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs Jobs Jobs!
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Despite the disgusting illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and ‚ÄúHaters‚Äù but that‚Äôs the way it is!
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up!
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don‚Äôt know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless Germany owes.....
Despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll) it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Diane Black of Tennessee the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman did a GREAT job in passing Budget setting up big Tax Cuts
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete) heavily tax our products going into..
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Discussing Buffalo last night- on the eve of the .LETS GO NY! 
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star or plain star!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don‚Äôt know how to win - I will teach them!
Disproven and paid for by Democrats ‚ÄúDossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?‚Äù Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails? What a mess!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words education of your children from D.C. No way
do this under the law I feel it is visually important as President to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Do you believe that in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them just received: 
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
Do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
Do you think knows about dealings? Actually I doubt it!
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky she should drop out of race. System rigged!
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? 
Does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? FAKE NEWS!
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
Does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military? Really!.....
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton in 2008 worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. 
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on - ENJOY!
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
Don King and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Don‚Äôt like @SamuelLJackson‚Äôs golf swing. Not athletic. I‚Äôve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
Donald E. Ballard on behalf of the people of the United States THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! 
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women 
Donald Trump Hands Bill O‚ÄôReilly Cable TV Viewership Win- @deadline-
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' 
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military veteran voters: poll' 
Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOPLegacy Of Leading On Women‚Äôs Civil Rights Against Racist Sexist Democrats 
Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%: 
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' 
Donald Trump‚Äôs birther event is the greatest trick he‚Äôs ever pulled
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. 
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! 
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! 
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' 
Don't believe the Polls they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed! 
Don't give up Republican Senators the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option) get Cross State Lines &amp; more.
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. 
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc.
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great and getting major things done!
Don't let up keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Don't reward Mitt Romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA open borders etc.).
Don't worry getting rid of state lines which will promote competition will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. 
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people including Karl Rove losers-true! I never called my friend a loser- he‚Äôs a winner!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman owner of the worthless has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Dow Passes 23000 for the First Time Fueled by Strong Earningsüìà
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Dow S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS! 
DOW S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! 
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. "I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the Fake News!
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border we have no country. That‚Äôs why ICE endorsed me. 
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Dummy writer who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no) is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
during a general election. I for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
During my trip to Saudi Arabia I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. 
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus Cruz put out a release that was quitting the race and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
During Small Business Week we celebrate the great hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
During the campaign I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! 
During the GOP convention CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don‚Äôt want them heard. 
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Earlier today I spoke with of Kentucky regarding yesterday‚Äôs shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt Preston Cope their families and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway more states coming up in the next week: OH ME AZ IN ‚Äî check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. 
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:‚ÄúThe enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...‚Äù 
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' 
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.Stock market at a new high unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear! 
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work and will be VERY weak on crime!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy 's around and fast. Strong on crime he might even save our great statues/heritage!
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don‚Äôt forget Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats and with the economy doing record numbers we will continue to win even bigger than before!
Effective today my administration officially declared the a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law. 
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
Election is being rigged by the media in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign by putting stories that never happened into news!
Elizabeth Warren often referred to as Pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary who she always hated!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
Employment is up Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
End the Democrats Obstruction! 
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- 
Enjoy the and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Epic crowd in Moon Township Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Eric Trump on now!
Eric Trump on on now!
Eric we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V. 
especially how to get people even with an unlimited budget out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Even Bill is tired of the lies SAD! 
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: ‚ÄúTrump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.‚Äù Thank you for your honesty Jim!
Even the and Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
even those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results we will strengthen up voting procedures!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Even though every poll Time Drudge etc. has me winning the debate by a lot only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
Even though I beat him in the first six debates especially the last one Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! üá∫üá∏üáØüá≤ 
Eventually but at a later date so we can get started early Mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall.
Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU! John Wayne Walding 
Every on-line poll Time Magazine Drudge etc. has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems..
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren a truly outstanding and respected young woman! 
Everybody should boycott the show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Everybody that loves the people of New York and all they have been thru should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
Everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!üá∫üá∏
EXCLUSIVE ‚Äî Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning 8amE on w/ @MSNBC. Enjoy! 
Exclusive Video‚ÄìBroaddrick Willey Jones to Bill's Defenders: ‚ÄòThese Are Crimes‚Äô ‚ÄòTerrified‚Äô of ‚ÄòEnabler‚Äô Hillary 
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‚ÄòStood In The Way‚Äô Of Clinton Email Investigation:
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
Explain how the women on The View which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left ever got their jobs. is wasting time
Explain to and who know nothing that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW! 
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump henceFake News @nytimes(apologized) &amp; were anti-Trump. Collusion?
FACT ‚úîÔ∏è on ‚Äúred line‚Äù in Syria: HRC "I wasn‚Äôt there." Fact: line drawn in Aug ‚Äô12. HRC Secy of State til Feb ‚Äô13. 
Failed candidate Mitt Romneywho ran one of the worst races in presidential historyis working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
Failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney the man who "choked" and let us all down is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failing lost all credibility. Not only was he fired FOX he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. 
Failing which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
Failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Fake made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump." Not fair to FR or effort!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his ‚Äúmistake‚Äù). Watch to see if fires those responsible or was it just gross incompetence?
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants or Illegal Immigrants ‚ÄúAnimals.‚Äù Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as ‚ÄúAnimals‚Äù a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong as usual!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!
FAKE NEWS media which makes up stories and "sources" is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West Florida. Thank you! 
Fantastic job on tonight. is a winner! 
Fantastic to have 400000 GREAT MEN &amp; WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country they love our Flag they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S. or we won't have a country anymore!
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. NEWS!
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! 
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that ‚ÄúPresident Trump has the right to end DACA.‚Äù President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem and didn‚Äôt. I am waiting for the Dems they are running for the hills!
Feels good to be home after seven months but the White House is very special there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
FEMA &amp; First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food &amp; water delivered. Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Locals trying....
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
Few if any Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed regulations killed border military ISIS SC!
Fidel Castro is dead!
Final 's just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified 's show a 365 vote increase for me- least 12 more delegates!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank yo!   
Finally held our first full meeting today. With this great team we can restore American prosperity and br‚Ä¶ 
Finally in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Finally Liddle‚Äô Adam Schiff the leakin‚Äô monster of no control is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President knew of the threat and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Find out where to on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/1!   
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped as has incorrectly been reported but will be pursued and if anything substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. ......
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless lives ‚Äì they represent the very best of America! 
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Five of our incredible Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation‚Äôs crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp; we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you for hosting this hearing! 
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
FL KS ME MD MN NJ OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at‚Ä¶ 
FLORIDA- Visit 
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to ! Thank you @IvankaTrump: 
FLORIDA-Just like TX WE are w/you today we are w/you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to RESTORE RECOVER &amp; REBUILD! 
FMR PRES of Mexico Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about - No action!
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign I am not bought and paid for!
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama got stronger and stronger picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! 
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
For first time the failing will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!
For many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
For reasons only they can explain the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
For the 1st time in American history America‚Äôs 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement‚Äîme! Thank you.
For the first time since Roe v. Wade America has a Pro-Life President a Pro-Life Vice President a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals! 
For the great people of Iowa find your location at 
For the great people of Iowa find your location at 
For the record I have ZERO investments in Russia.
For those asking the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on Crime (and Border) and even better to our Military &amp; Veterans!
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning at least you know I will be there awake to answer the call!
For those of you who are still interested the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
For too many years our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need.
For years and through many administrations everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
For years even as a "civilian" I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! 
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia.
Former President Vicente Fox who is railing against my visit to Mexico today also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt Everything ‚ÄòThey Touch Turns To Molten Lead‚Äô 
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Fox News PollThank you New Hampshire! 
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed especially at borders!
Frank ‚ÄúFX‚Äù Giaccio-On behalf of Melania &amp; myself THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! gives you an A+! 
Franklin such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father @BillyGraham! 
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: 
From "Bombshell: In 2016 Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election." Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
From Bush 1 to present our Country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies &amp; Leadership. Must WIN again! 
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
From my first day in office we‚Äôve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks‚Ä¶ 
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn‚Äôt come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
Funny how the failing is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn‚Äôt want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014 long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn‚Äôt know!
Funny if you listen to the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two they are fawning. What a difference
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy now brother!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don‚Äôt even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under ‚ÄúO‚Äù
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
General James "Mad Dog" Mattis who is being considered for Secretary of Defense was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
General John Allen who I never met but spoke against me last night failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD 
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
General Keith Kellogg who I have known for a long time is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier Uranium Speeches Emails and the Podesta Company!
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
George Will one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago) has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
Get on Trump's List email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email: 
Get out and vote Nebraska we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Get out and vote West Virginia we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! 
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will !RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43%Clinton 41% 
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: 
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win! 
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important but SPECIAL!
Getting rdy to leave for France the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic‚Ä¶ 
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION! 8:00 P.M.
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth terrorism and security.
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati in the GREAT STATE of OHIO to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!
Getting ready to leave for Melbourne Florida. See you all soon!
Getting ready to leave for Poland after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
Getting ready to leave for Washington D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
Getting ready to make my speech at . A great honor! 
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan a truly fine gentleman!
Getting ready to take off for Nashua New Hampshire. Big crowd will be there soon. Fun!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach Bobby Knight has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! 
Gina Haspel my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA is being praised for the fact that she has been and alway will be TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America‚Äôs bright and glorious future!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. 
Go Republican Senators Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on . Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
Going to Charleston South Carolina in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Going to CPAC!
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!
Going to Salt Lake City Utah for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn!
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
Good luk   
Good luck to on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Good luck to Ric Grenell our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy he will represent our Country well!
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! 
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter @IvankaTrum!   
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House with his family at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
Good news House just passed . Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville Alabama plant which will produce over 300000 cars and SUV‚Äôs a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn‚Äôt have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren Hillary Clinton‚Äôs flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman‚Äôs card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet ‚Äúwhen a woman stands up to you‚Ä¶‚Äù
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media‚Äîasking for increase!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk no action!
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:
Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
Got the endorsement of Brian France and yesterday in Georgia. Also many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television he only watches the 
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
Governor and I will be in Cleveland Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! :‚Ä¶ 
Governor @RicardoRossello- We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! 
Governor Alejandro Garc√≠a Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio ‚Äúis no friend of Puerto Rico." 
Governor Jerry ‚ÄúMoonbeam‚Äù Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? 
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy ‚Äúup to 400 National Guard Troops‚Äù to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown‚Äôs charade. We need border security and action not words!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT GREAT GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Great meeting at the this morning! 
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! 
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! 
Great and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! 
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF‚ÄôS TROPHY (last time was 1996). Wow! Congratulations!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF‚ÄôS TROPHY! Congratulations!
Great being in Cincinnati Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. no.   
Great bilateral meeting with President of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! 
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. 
Great bilateral meetings at √âlys√©e Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. 
Great book just out "A Place Called Heaven" by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win ‚ÄúCapitalist Comeback‚Äù will be a big hit!
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! 
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
Great conversations with President and his representatives on trade military and security.
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
Great couple great book! 
Great crowd in Fletcher North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th‚Ä¶ 
Great crowd in Johnstown Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon‚Ä¶ 
Great day for America's future Security and Safety courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people &amp; WIN!
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Great day in D.C. with and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! 
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre Chris Cox &amp; the @NR!   
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
Great day of bilateral meetings at on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! 
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Great evening in Canton Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile.
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters the crowd was loud loving and really smart. They definitely get what‚Äôs going on. Thank you Pensacola!
Great evening last night in Washington Michigan. The enthusiasm knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn‚Äôt get in I cherish you....and will be back!
Great evening with President &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. 
Great first day with world leaders at the here in Hamburg Germany. Looking forward to day two! 
Great Governor is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me!
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! 
Great honor to have General Counsel as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! 
Great interview on with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! 
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! 
Great job @IvankaTrump! 
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh.
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
Great job First Lady Melania! 
Great job Kevin we are all proud of you! 
Great job on tonight begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! 
Great ob on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them we don't have a country!
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Great jobs numbers and finally after many years rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia Russia Russia despite the fact that after a year of looking there is No Collusion!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! 
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine thank you! 
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! 
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on‚Ä¶ 
Great meeting with at the today! 
Great meeting with and leaders including @JohnCornyn‚Ä¶ 
Great meeting with today talked about prison reform and sentencing. 
Great meeting with Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. 
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice! üá∫üá∏ 
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron Ohio. 
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the this morning. Together we will ! 
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo‚Ä¶ 
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the today. 
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the . He is very thankful for the great job done by and First Responders. 
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
Great meeting with the Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse! 
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
Great mtg w/ today. Tomorrow I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person! 
Great new numbers. Thank you! 
Great new poll - thank you! 
Great new poll Florida - thank you! 
Great new poll Iowa - thank you! 
Great new poll- thank you America! 
Great new poll- thank you! 
Great new poll- thank you! 
Great new poll. Thank you Texas!  
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets !‚Ä¶ 
Great news as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp; JOBS ACT! 
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas Tom Leppert has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! 
Great news on the 2018 budget McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! 
Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Great news! 
Great news! 
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres!  
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together we are going to ! 
Great night in Denver Colorado- thank you! Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! watch rally here:‚Ä¶ 
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Great night in WI. I‚Äôm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO‚Ä¶ 
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform we'll really see some great results!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders now kicking in!
Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end . 
Great optimism for future of U.S. business AND JOBS with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!
Great optimism in America ‚Äì and the results will be even better! 
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will . Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! 
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with Pence &amp; Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:‚Ä¶ 
Great poll - thank you America! Once we together we will üá∫üá∏ 
Great poll Florida - thank you!  
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! 
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. 
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. 
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! on 3/15!Trump 36%Cruz 18%Rubio 18%Carson 10%Kasich 7%Via 
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
Great rally in Fresno California- great crowd! Thank you! 
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! 
Great rally in New Mexico amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Great reporting by and so many others. Thank you!
Great seeing and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! 
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.‚Ä¶ 
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his country‚Äôs economy and unleashing its potential!
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona! 
Great to be back in Iowa! with joining me in Davenport- this past winter. 
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the now lots of work to be done! 
Great to be in Riyadh Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. 
Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M. (EASTERN).
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast this morning! 
Great to see looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real long term budget no C.R.‚Äôs!
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake who is WEAK on borders crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
Great to talk jobs with . Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! 
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by on 
Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! 
Great visit to Detroit church fantastic reception and all talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
Great work being done by w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future! 
Great work Ivanka! 
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! 
Great. Just reported on that many people who supported are now supporting me. I knew that would happen pundits didn't!
Greatly dishonest of to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday packed house paid great respect to Wall long standing ovations amazing people. WIN!
Had a meeting with the terrific of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! 
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
Hank Greenberg formerly of AIG gave $10 million to the campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy a total waste of money!
Happy to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! 
Happy ! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! 
Happy to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service sacrifice and courage 24/7/365! 
Happy 
Happy ‚ÄúFirst Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award‚Äù 
Happy to our heroes! ‚û°Ô∏è
Happy !üì∏
Happy !A great day to support your community and America‚Äôs JOB creators by shopping locally at a . 
Happy 
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! 
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! 
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! 
Happy 4th of July!  
Happy 70th Birthday @CIA! 
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce! 
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD STRONG and FREE! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! 
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!
Happy Birthday @EricTrump!
Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood! 
Happy birthday to a truly great Champion and Person!
Happy birthday to my friend the great - a totally special guy!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son @EricTrump! Very proud of you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our Melania! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America Ronald Reagan! 
Happy birthday to the great @leegreenwood83. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery sacrifices &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. 
Happy Easter to all have a great day!
Happy Easter to everyone!
HAPPY EASTER!
Happy L√° Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (&amp; women in 18years) rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
Happy Mother‚Äôs Day!!! 
Happy National to our HEROES. We love you! 
Happy National Anthem Day! 
Happy New Year to all including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and much faster than anyone thought possible!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America Israel and around the world. 
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back highest Stock Market EVER Military getting really strong we will build the WALL V.A. taking care of our Vets great Supreme Court Justice RECORD CUT IN REGS lowest unemployment in 17 years....!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
Happy to announce I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday‚Äôs tragedy.
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
Hard to believe that the Democrats who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
Hard to believe that with 24/7 News on CNN ABC NBC CBS NYTIMES &amp; WAPO the Trump base is getting stronger!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of Magazine. Way down big trouble dead! Graydon Carter no talent will be out!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy not one Senate endorsement and despite talk gets nothing done. Loser!
Have a great but very reflective President‚Äôs Day!
Have a great game today and - I will be watching. We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! üá∫üá∏ 
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people or fools would think that it is bad! We.....
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! 
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend President of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly here at the @WhiteHouse. üá∫üá∏üá´üá∑ 
Hawaii:
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos Switzerland. Speech on America‚Äôs economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! 
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
Heading back to Washington D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security!
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. 
Heading now for Reno Nevada for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
Heading now to Pella Iowa. Big crowd! Remember Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
Heading over to the to meet with Ambassador and all of her great representatives! üá∫üá∏
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady Melania. Successful procedure she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
Heading to Alabama now big crowd!
Heading to Baton Rouge Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. 
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in ‚Äò18.
Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
Heading to Biloxi Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! 
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! : 
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on with Prime Minister Shinz≈ç earlier today. 
Heading to Moon Township Pennsylvania to be with a really good person State Representative Rick Saccone who is running for Congress. Big &amp; happy crowd (why not some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also tough on crime &amp; border. Loves 2nd A &amp; VETS
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED and other things!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! 
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
Heading to Richmond Virginia now. Join me tonight! : 
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! 
Heading to Sioux County Iowa where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Heading to South Carolina really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS JOBS JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets: 
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. 
Heading to Youngstown Ohio now- some great polls. 
Headline: ‚ÄúKim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade‚Äù - from the Failing New York Times. Also will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
Health Insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Healthcare listening session w/ &amp; @SecPriceMD. Watch: 
Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!"If you're in an evacuation zone you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." Gov. Scott 
Hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
Henry McMaster Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me beat failed announcer Bakari Sellers so badly. Funny!
Her instincts are suboptimal.
Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department. 
Here is my statement. 
Here we go - Enjoy!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in B never had a chance!
Here‚Äôs a great stat - since January 2017 the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
Hey - WE AGREE! 
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
Highest Stock Market EVER best economic numbers in years unemployment lowest in 17 years wages raising border secure S.C.: No WH chaos!
Highly overrated &amp; crazy is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Highly respected author Christopher Bedford just came out with book "The Art of the Donald Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem
Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. 
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: 
Hillary and her friends! 
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as .
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery 
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ‚ùåLIBYA‚ùåSYRIA‚ùåIRAN‚ùåIRAQ‚ùåASIA PIVOT‚ùåRUSSIAN RESET‚ùåBENGHAZI‚Ä¶ 
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' 
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune I am spending very little. Close in polls!
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War.  
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had including Never Trump all farmers &amp; sm. biz by saying she‚Äôll tax estates at 65%.
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. --  Donald J. Trump
Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign. 
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center Airport - and destroyed City
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asSecretary of State costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history  
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put‚Ä¶ 
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure' 
Hillary Clinton‚Äôs Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: 
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: 
Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York 
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt dangerous dishonest.
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD.  ‚ùåLIBYA‚ùåSYRIA‚ùåIRAN‚ùåIRAQ‚ùåASIA PIVOT‚ùåRUSSIAN RESET‚ùåBENGHAZI‚Ä¶ 
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
Hillary has bad judgment! 
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants but won‚Äôt even mention ‚Äúradical Islamic terrorists.‚Äù ‚Ä¶ 
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. 
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions no ideas no credibility.She supported NAFTA worst deal in US history. 
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families 
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to‚Ä¶ 
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for . 
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. 
Hillary says this election is about judgment. She's right. Her judgement has killed thousands unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
Hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. 
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Hillary‚Äôs 33000 deleted emails about her daughter‚Äôs wedding. That‚Äôs a lot of wedding emails. 
Hillary‚Äôs Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: 
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! 
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES 
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? 
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' 
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction terrorism and ISIS across the world.
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
History lesson: There‚Äôs a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one his nickname is Hone‚Ä¶ 
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Honduras Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders drugs and crime!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC‚Ä¶ 
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! 
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy!  
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today. 
Honored to meet this years delegates w/ Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations‚Ä¶ 
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority &amp; his delegation who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. 
Honored to receive an endorsement from - thank you! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG‚Ä¶ 
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you! 
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation we support @NASA's scientists engineers and astronauts in the‚Ä¶ 
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the today with Mike Pence.‚Ä¶ 
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! üá∫üá∏ 
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free because of the brave. üá∫üá∏
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new ‚Äúpushed‚Äù Congressional Map all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don‚Äôt let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes &amp; waste money!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man respected by all.
Hopefully all supporters and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
Hopefully Republican Senators good people all can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. 
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough smart &amp; vigilant?
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular just passed Tax Cuts. House Republicans don‚Äôt let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign &amp; Russia. (2) The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets caregivers and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
How bad is the New York Times‚Äîthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam which horribly oppresses women?
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe the man in charge along with leakin‚Äô James Comey of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700000 for wife‚Äôs campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
How come the &amp; show the new Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33000 emails that you deleted? 
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails using even religion against Bernie!
How much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources) remain in business?
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the as a disgusting fraud? Thank you Rowanne.
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It 
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail they are left w/this one tired argument!




Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come first serve. Arrive early!
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'
Huma calls it a "MESS" the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again. 
Hundreds of good people including very important Ambassadors and Judges are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its wayif possible. Federal G is ready!
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful be safe! 
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Hypocrite! claims she needs a ‚Äúpublic and a private stance‚Äù in discussions with Wall Street banks. 
Hypocrite: is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history by far. 
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
I agree @MMFlint- To all Americans I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to w/ me on 11/8. 
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved is important (we will also get HealthCare) but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! "Police officers are the best of us..."
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders not Crooked H without cheating I was right.
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted no energy left!
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt will fix U.S.
I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
I am always on the front page of the failing but when I won the GOP nomination I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves believe in your future and believe once more in America. üá∫üá∏ 
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
I am at the . An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. 
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL which is desperately needed for our National Defense is not fully funded.
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow.
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for‚Ä¶ 
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers b‚Ä¶ 
I am extremely pleased to see that has finally been exposed as and garbage journalism. It's about time!
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good flexible save money and number one!
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! 
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S. and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! 
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: 
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary costs will triple!
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. Video: 
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
I am honored that the great men and women of the have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean not bad!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With this morning. ENJOY!
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
I am in Las Vegas at the best hotel (by far) Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. 
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! 
I am in Virginia Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: 
I am interviewed on This Week on this morning. Enjoy!
I am landing shortly. Can‚Äôt wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon! 
I am leaving China for in Vietnam. Melania is staying behind to see the zoo and of course the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I am making a big speech the night of the debate but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
I am no fan of President Obama but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: 
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
I am now going to the brand new Trump International Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
I am on - Enjoy!
I am on at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
I am on now! Tune in!
I am on with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with throughout the day. Enjoy! 
I am on tonight a big special. at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
I am on my way! See you all soon! 
I am pleased to announce that effective 4/9/18 will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job &amp; will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9.
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. 
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson MD as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date &amp; Place set.
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! 
I am proud of the Rep. House &amp; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} We‚Äôre getting close! Now how about ending the unfair &amp; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp; reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought but I have not gotten involved in the.....
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me! 
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don‚Äôt have a clue (or do they?)!
I am running against the Washington insiders just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! : 
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU the American people! Video: 
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. 
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money not controlled. Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media and to still hold her head so high is truly wonderful!
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
I am soooo proud of my children Don Eric and Tiffany - their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! 
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
I am thinking about changing the name CNN to !
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development‚Ä¶ 
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet...
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis! 
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
I am very supportive of the Senate . Look forward to making it really special! Remember ObamaCare is dead.
I am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
I am watching and how fairly they are treating me and my words and and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff our country needs change!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
I am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate . Fox News is in the bag!
I am working hard even on Thanksgiving trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
I as President want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! FIRST
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer why didn‚Äôt President Obama &amp; the Democrats do something about Trade with China including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said Chuck &amp; I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade plus with China will happen!
I asked Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and Karen.
I believe in and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas‚Ä¶ 
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
I call my own shots largely based on an accumulation of data and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media in order to marginalize lies!
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken big premiums. Who knows!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing not a bad thing.......
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch: 
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
I can't believe that would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets ‚Ä¶ 
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence Lyin' Ted!
I don‚Äôt believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but day by day they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
I don‚Äôt blame China I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!
I don‚Äôt cheat at golf but cheats‚Äîwith his game he has no choice‚Äîand stop doing commercials!
I don‚Äôt know to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercials‚Äîboring. Not a fan.
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign the only one. I will keep doing but not worth it!
I don't know Putin have no deals in Russia and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran in terror no problem!
I don't know Putin have no deals in Russia and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran terror no problem!
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8 she's out!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
I don't watch or do anymore. Small audience low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I‚Äôll be there very soon. Vote for me Hawaii!
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS JOBS JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with NAFTA.
I encourage everyone in the path of to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. 
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials! 
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn‚Äôt enough. Can‚Äôt let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
I feel sure that my friend will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn‚Äôt! 
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job when that was unheard of and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation raised or recieved millions more ALL of which is given to charity and media won't report!
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7% with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! 
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation!
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
I hate to say it but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego) who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto of Mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
I have agreed with the historically cooperative disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb my Special Counsel and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others from the beginning of my administration to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 ‚ÄúHercules‚Äù cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects‚Äì creating tens of thousands of jobs-video: 
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world Rex Tillerson Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil to be Secretary of State.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world... 
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... 
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: 
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia they know exactly what they are doing....
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so the U.S. with its allies will! U.S.A.
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine but not for this!
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!‚Ä¶ 
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy! 
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp; a twelve year pathway to citizenship for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA only use it!
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes 
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it‚Äôs not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing said. Russia U.K. China Saudi Arabia Japan
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
I have spoken w/ of Texas and Edwards. Closely monitoring developments &amp; here to assist as needed.
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others they pay little or no taxes to state &amp; local governments use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.) and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I havn't seen in many years he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
I hear of rapidly fading is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
I hear / came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
I hear by demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
I hear that @SenTedCruz‚Äôs $$ man Robert Mercer a good man is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted‚Äôs) holdings.?
I hearby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
I heard poorly rated speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika along with Psycho Joe came..
I heard that was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped) was nasty. Irrelevant!
I heard that the underachieving John King of on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily few people are watching - dead network!
I hereby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
I hereby demand and will do so officially tomorrow that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
I hope all workers demand that their reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don‚Äôt let them sell you out!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas then tomorrow it‚Äôs back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she as a representative is killing the Democrat Party!
I hope when the MSM runs its ‚Äúinterruption counters‚Äù they consider the of times the moderators interrupted me com‚Ä¶ 
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right unlike OCare!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! today! 
I just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush who has gone nasty with lies is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
I like Michael Douglas!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss. üá∫üá∏
I look forward to meeting today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
I look forward to reading the 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
I look forward to watching tonight 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me‚ÄîI think she will be very fair.
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain a longtime U.S. ally is very special!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together we will beat the Dems at all levels!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
I LOVE NEW YORK! 
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is most don't exist. News! MAGA
I love the White House one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
I love watching these poor pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
I love you Arizona! Thank you! 
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and 
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! 
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes now many bankruptcies.
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His ‚Äúmemos‚Äù are self serving and FAKE!
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
I never said ‚Äúgive teachers guns‚Äù like was stated on Fake News &amp; @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving ‚Äúconcealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers a lot would now be able to
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election I said ‚Äúit may be Russia or China or another country or group or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.‚Äù The Russian ‚Äúhoax‚Äù was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
I only wish my wonderful father Fred gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported it was a DISASTER. 
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! 
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! 
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. 
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge Gonzalo Curiel who is totally biased against me.
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy of the Great State of Louisiana for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That‚Äôs what I‚Äôm going to do. 
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150000000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there
I thought and felt I would win big easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks they knew and so did I.
I thought people weren‚Äôt celebrating? They were cheering all over even this savage from Orlando. I was right. 
I thought that would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however since election they are worse!
I told Rex Tillerson our wonderful Secretary of State that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals. 
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much better!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
I urge all Americans to participate in tomorrow! Let‚Äôs come together and BEAT last October‚Äôs record of disposed prescription pills! Visit 
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
I use Social Media not because I like to but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair ‚Äúpress‚Äù now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent ‚Äúsources‚Äù are being used more often than ever. Many stories &amp; reports a pure fiction!
I very much look forward to tomorrow‚Äôs debate in New Hampshire‚Äîso many things to say so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night after returning from Ohio and Arizona and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott Senator Ted Cruz Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. üá∫üá∏üá™üá∏ 
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
I want to thank for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA. We will never fail and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you and God Bless America! 
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: 
I want to thank my for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. Video: 
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of including the mandate period.
I was at and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was "I hope so!"
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law in its entirety &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES."
I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day and you've earned it.‚Ä¶ 
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war not me!
I watched parts of Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support?
I will also be going to a wonderful state Missouri that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!Full Listening Session: 
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord Thursday at 3:00 P.M. The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD including those registered to vote in two states those who are illegal and....
I will be at the in Bedminster NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami tomorrow! Rory Phil Bubba Adam and Dustin all at the top!
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
I will be doing this morning at around 7:00. Likewise I will be doing at around 7:00. Figure it out!
I will be doing the with my wife Melania and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
I will be going to New Hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's 
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster N.J.
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
I will be in beautiful Burlington Vermont tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me!  Tickets:‚Ä¶ 
I will be in Evansville Indiana with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
I will be in Huntsville Alabama on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally after all these years of watching stupidity we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need.
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG BIG BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
I will be interviewed by at 6pm ET tonight 
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.‚Ä¶ 
I will be interviewed by tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by on at 10:00. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by at 7pm on @FoxNews. !
I will be interviewed by tonight on 7pm ET
I will be interviewed by at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 11pm. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 8pm. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I will be interviewed from Cleveland Ohio on - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed on at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at 7:30. Things are looking good had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
I will be interviewed on by starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed on at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on the - tonight from Florida now. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on the at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on the at 7:30. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. 
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
I will be interviewed tonight on by at 9pmE. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed tonight on - Enjoy! 10:00 P.M.
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
I will be live tweeting Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
I will be live tweeting my interview with on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! 
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! 
I will be making a major statement from the upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus plus!
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!
I will be meeting General Kelly General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea China and the Middle East.
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
I will be on tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
I will be on with from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.
I will be on at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
I will be on this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy!
I will be on at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I will be on tonight- from Las Vegas Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy!  
I will be on for a interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy!
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
I will be on FOX with the great tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! 
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! 
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
I will be on State of the Union with at 9am. Enjoy!
I will be on The Situation Room with from 5-7pm est on CNN
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible dangerous and wrong decision.......
I will be speaking to my friend President Xi of China this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade where good things will happen and North Korea where relationships and trust are building.
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I‚Äôm the only one that was right from the beginning &amp; now Lyin‚Äô Ted &amp; others are copying me.
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history.  
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others.
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate he is scamming Florida
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
I will be watching the great Governor and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
I will beat Hillary easily but Lindsey Graham says I won't and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
I will bring our jobs back to America fix our military and take care of our vets end Common Core and ObamaCare protect 2nd A build WALL
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S. and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. 
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing? 
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! ¬† 
I will end common core. It's a disaster.
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!‚Ä¶ 
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first I'm going to have to in DC. 
I will make our Military so big powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. 
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! 
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can‚Äôt make a great deal we‚Äôre going to tear it up. We‚Äôre going to get this economy running again. 
I will replace it with private plans health savings accounts &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will !
I will sign the first bill to repeal and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans!  
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely. Video: 
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
I win an election easily a great "movement" is verified and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched poll.
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
I would have done even better in the election if that is possible if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents she had one!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent instead of sixteen. Broke record
I would like to congratulate on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp; Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
I would like to express my warmest regards best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the !
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video: 
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp; Replace.
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
I‚Äôm not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. 
I‚Äôm self-funding and I am going to take care of the people ‚Äì not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I‚Äôm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I‚Äôm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I‚Äôm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'‚Ä¶ 
ICYMI- This week we hosted a event right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA it is the BEST! USAüá∫üá∏ 
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. 
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October just prior to Election!
I'd like to call JEB a liar but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
If is president she‚Äôll be all talk and nothing will get done. 
If stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with beat her by millions!
If and would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
If and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
If doesn‚Äôt clean up his act stop cheating &amp; doing negative ads I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFLor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
If Bernie Sanders after seeing the just released e-mails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same.
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016) I will send in the Feds!
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
If crazy didn't cover me so much on her terrible show her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie how is she going to take on China Russia ISIS and all of the others?
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole I will terminate deal.
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent say good bye to the Supreme Court!
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this we need to‚Ä¶ 
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren a very weak Senator didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! 
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December as reported by the Failing New York Times I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
If I win the Presidency we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
If I would have done the last debate a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also VETS got $6000000.
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord disruption and chaos within the U.S. then with all of the Committee Hearings Investigations and Party hatred they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren we‚Äôd have no jobs in America‚Äîshe doesn‚Äôt have a clue.
If last night‚Äôs election proved anything it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town! 
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp; Country you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary we would all be much better off!
If ObamaCare is hurting people &amp; it is why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
If our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority which the Dems would do they are just wasting time!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately REPEAL and then REPLACE at a later date!
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority not senseless 60...
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
If Russia or some other entity was hacking why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
If the ban were announced with a one week notice the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning! 
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say I would be beating Hillary by 20%
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been she would lose!
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn‚Äôt a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly I don't know if that will ever happen!
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie) media would go wild
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
If their highly unethical behavior including begging me for ads isn‚Äôt questionable enough they have endorsed a candidate who can‚Äôt win.
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
If victorious Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
If we can help little as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope we would be delighted to do so.
If we don‚Äôt have a wall system we‚Äôre not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country &amp; the people of our country. We must enforce our laws &amp; protect our people! 
If we let Crooked run the govt history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. 
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY restore OPPORTUNITY &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. 
If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Iger where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie yet no apology. Double Standard!
I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump.
I'm going to do what was totally unable to do- WIN!
I'm protesting the from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' 
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made including on Afghanistan.
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it. 
In 1960 there were approximately 20000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185000 pages as seen in the Roosevelt Room.Today we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR‚Ä¶ 
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci he wanted to endorse me 1st before the Republican Primaries started but didn't think I was running!
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!üé•
In America we don't worship government - we worship God. 
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary raceFAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
In Austin Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! 
In Bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
In even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love. üá∫üá∏ 
In getting the endorsement of the 16500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you) the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. 
In interview I told that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete not after election!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
In just out book Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
In Las Vegas getting ready to speak!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice France I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
In more and more places throughout this region citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies and unlocked the potential of their people. 
In my administration EVERY American will be treated equally protected equally and honored equally 
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
In Nashville Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
In new Quinnipiac Poll 66% of people feel the economy is ‚ÄúExcellent or Good.‚Äù That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
In November I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
In NYC looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts perhaps 50000 and all in prime time. Wow!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts perhaps 50000 all in prime time. Wow!
In order to &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of by &amp; for the PEOPLE I need your VOTE! Go to 
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
In other words Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not I want strong military &amp; low oil prices. Witch Hunt! 
In politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue. This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
In presidential voting so far John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him I will beat Hillary!
In Tampa Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to ! 
In Texas now leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
In the ‚Äúold days‚Äù when good news was reported the Stock Market would go up. Today when good news is reported the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. üá∫üá∏üá®üá≥ 
In the East it could be the COLDEST New Year‚Äôs Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country but not other countries was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea‚Äôs leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end the press was startled &amp; amazed.They couldn‚Äôt believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what who cares!
In the just out Poll I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. 
In the last 2 weeks I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day and we‚Äôre still going! Thank you America! 
In times of tragedy the bonds that sustain us are those of family faith community and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need. 
In trade military and EVERYTHING else it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th Washington D.C. Have fun!
Incompetent Hillary despite the horrible attack in Brussels today wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way!
Incredibly proud of my son &amp; his efforts on behalf of in Memphis TN. 
Information is being illegally given to the failing &amp; by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
Inside ‚ÄòBill Clinton Inc.‚Äô: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. !
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati‚Ä¶ 
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!" 
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. 
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist!
Interview with coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy! 
Interview with on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
Interview with David Muir of News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6000000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
IPSOS/REUTERS POLLThank you!  
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal while it brazenly violates the other limits..Amb. 
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S. rather Airbus!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Iran the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them ridiculously billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
Iran‚Äôs Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can‚Äôt define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn‚Äôt understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He‚Äôs either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
Is Hillary really protecting women? 
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
Is it possible for to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Is this really America? Terrible! 
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? 
Is this what we want for a President? 
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees and will allow it to happen h‚Ä¶ 
ISIS is in retreat our economy is booming investments and jobs are pouring back into the country and so much more! Together there is nothing we can‚Äôt overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed.
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the West Side was "their soldier." .....
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama." -- Donald J. Trump
Isn‚Äôt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else me still must fight
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Israel Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope then and .
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind changing our future. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAF‚Ä¶ 
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
It is amazing how gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
It is amazing how often I am right only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration take the oil build the wall Muslims NATO!
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice you will do much better!
It is an exciting time for our country! 
It is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! 
It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS even worse! Lost cred.
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
It is my great honor to host @AbeShinzo! 
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! 
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the media.
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
It is now commonly agreed after many months of COSTLY looking that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage Long Island!
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. ¬† 
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
It is time to in Washington D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the system! 
It is time to !
It is time to rebuild OUR country to bring back OUR jobs to restore OUR dreams &amp; yes to put ! TY O‚Ä¶ 
It is time to remember that...
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Video: 
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! 
It is time to take care of OUR people to rebuild OUR NATION and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! üá∫üá∏ 
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. 
It never ends! 
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do. ! 
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare.‚Ä¶ 
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!üá∫üá∏üáØüá¥ 
It was a great honor to be with President of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! 
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.üá∫üá∏
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron! 
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! 
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the today with Pence.‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the today! 
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoƒüan to the today! 
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.Stay tuned! üá∫üá∏üá∞üá∑ 
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning!  
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan! 
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. 
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. 
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the at the today with @VP‚Ä¶ 
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos Switzerland. Many great discussions! 
It was an honor to stop by a event hosted by Pence and Secretary at the‚Ä¶ 
It was an honor to welcome to the today with Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo‚Ä¶ 
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting: 
It was an honor to welcome President of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal regime. 
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the as we renew the historic partnership betwe‚Ä¶ 
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the today. 
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the today! 
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars L√∏kke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the yes‚Ä¶ 
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguy·ªÖn Xu√¢n Ph√∫c to the this afternoon. 
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today we honor and thank all teachers!‚Ä¶ 
It was great being in Michigan. Remember I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
It was great spending time with yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
It was great to have Governor of üáµüá∑with us at the today. We are with you! 
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said the system is totally rigged!
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past &amp; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom equality justice &amp; peace. 
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! 
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! 
It was my great honor to deliver the at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!‚Ä¶ 
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys in South Korea. üá∫üá∏üá∞üá∑ 
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives! 
It was my great honor to host my friend and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished thank you! üá∫üá∏üáØüáµ 
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! 
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES our COUNTRY &amp; OUR FREEDOM! 
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES! 
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them! 
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor‚Äôs from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity! 
It was my great honor to welcome President &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.üá∫üá∏üáµüá¶‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! üé•
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago ‚öæÔ∏è to the this afternoon.‚Ä¶ 
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston to the @WhiteHouse! 
It was my honor to welcome Cup Series Champion and his team to the yesterday! 
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse! 
It was my honor. THANK YOU! 
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me not Crooked Hillary! 
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate more so than lightweight reporter @megynkelly.
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! 
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! 
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. üé•
It wasn‚Äôt the White House it wasn‚Äôt the State Department it wasn‚Äôt father LaVar‚Äôs so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man‚Äôs version of Don King but without the hair. Just think..
It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country this country has been divided for a long time! Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada and it‚Äôs unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller who is doing a really good job could run for Senate unopposed!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
It‚Äôs March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months they just don‚Äôt care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
It‚Äôs this simple. ‚ÄúMake America Great Again.‚Äù 
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants adding 2000 jobs. This after...
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion even if should be positive is bad!
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada or get out of race
It's very sad that Republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their President.
Ivanka on now!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.
I've been saying it for a long long time. 
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills mostly with no Democratic support and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up phony facts.Too bad!
James Clapper who famously got caught lying to Congress is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really does everybody know what that means?
James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was in fact fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe ‚Äúunder the bus.‚Äù Inspector General‚Äôs Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
James Comey‚Äôs Memos are Classified I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore he broke the law! Additionally he totally made up many of the things he said I said and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton Lynch &amp; others?
January 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up 11 year old Barron Trump!
Jay Sekulow on now.
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Jeb Bush George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of and very weak on illegal immigration.
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40000000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5 I spent $3000000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! 
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)
Jeff Flake with an 18% approval rating in Arizona said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." Really they just gave me a standing O!
'Jeff Sessions a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately but it was clearly not....
Jeff Zucker failed and he is now failing @CNN.
Jennifer is a terrific person. 
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
JFK Files are released long ahead of schedule!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
Jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! üá∫üá∏ 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together we are making the economy great again! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS!
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
John Kerry can‚Äôt get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John you are hurting your country!
John Lewis said about my inauguration "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace. Let Arizona down!
Join founded by Hall of Fame legend on 1/19/2017 in Washington D.C.‚Ä¶ 
Join at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: 
Join on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day.  
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: 
Join me at 11:00am:Watch here: 
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family! 
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday August 22nd in Phoenix Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: 
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday February 10th! 
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs Iowa! Tickets:‚Ä¶ 
Join me for my üá∫üá∏
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! : 
Join me in Bedford New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! ‚Ä¶ 
Join me in California or Montana!5/25/16: Anaheim California
Join me in Carmel Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! 
Join me in Cedar Rapids Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! 
Join me in Charleston WV - tomorrow! 
Join me in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!Tickets:‚Ä¶ 
Join me in Clive Iowa tomorrow at noon! : 
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!TICKETS:Golden: 
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!Colorado Springs: 
Join me in Colorado Springs Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! Tickets: 
Join me in Columbus Ohio tomorrow! 
Join me in congratulating @NASA's by using the hashtag ! Earlier today:‚Ä¶ 
Join me in Council Bluffs Iowa- today at 3pm! Tickets: 
Join me in Delaware Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! Tickets: 
Join me in Denver Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!Tickets: 
Join me in Denver Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: 
Join me in Fayetteville North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: 
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:Daytona | 3pm- 
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!Tickets:‚Ä¶ 
Join me in Florida tomorrow! Daytona | 3pm- 
Join me in Florida tomorrow!MIAMI‚Ä¢12pm
Join me in Greensboro North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! 
Join me in Henderson Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! Tickets: 
Join me in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! : 
Join me in Manheim Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! : 
Join me in Mobile Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! Tickets: 
Join me in Naples Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: 
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!Springfield-1pm:
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night! 
Join me in Phoenix Arizona today at 4pm!  
Join me in Phoenix Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! 
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! : 
Join me in Pueblo Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! 
Join me in Redding California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. : 
Join me in Reno Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! :‚Ä¶ 
Join me in Reno Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! : 
Join me in Roanoke Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! 
Join me in Roanoke Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:‚Ä¶ 
Join me in Rome NY- tomorrow! available: 
Join me in Sacramento California-tomorrow evening 7pm! 
Join me in San Jose California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! 
Join me in San Jose California- tonight! : 
Join me in Tampa Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: 
Join me in Washington Michigan on Saturday April 28 2018 at 7:00pm! Tickets: 
Join me in Washington today!Spokane tickets:
Join me in Westfield Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! Tickets: 
Join me in Wichita Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! 
Join me in Wichita Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! 
Join me in Wilmington Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to ! Tickets: 
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!Green Bay- 6pm
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. 
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg Pennsylvania! üá∫üá∏
Join me live at 9:00 P.M. 
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.‚û°Ô∏è
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland! 
Join me live for the 
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!‚û°Ô∏è
Join me live from Bedminster New Jersey: 
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington Virginia. ‚û°Ô∏è
Join me live from the via 
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. ‚û°Ô∏è
Join me live in Cincinnati Ohio! 
Join me live in Hershey Pennsylvania! LIVE: 
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. 
Join me LIVE in Moon Township Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a rally!
Join me live in Reno Nevada!
Join me LIVE in South Koreaüá∫üá∏üá∞üá∑ ‚û°Ô∏è
Join me live in Springfield Ohio!
Join me live in Toledo Ohio!
Join me live in Toledo Ohio. Time to &amp; !
Join me LIVE in Washington Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! 
Join me live in Waukesha Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! 
Join me live in Wilmington Ohio!
Join me live- now in Las Vegas Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine Florida! Lets &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!‚Ä¶ 
Join me LIVE with and @EPAScottPruitt. 
Join me Monday in Columbus Ohio &amp; Harrisburg Pennsylvania! in OH: 
Join me on as I conclude my final preparations. 
Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! 
Join me on Monday April 4th in Milwaukee! : 
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse New York! 
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro North Carolina!  
Join me on Wednesday May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center! Tickets: 
Join me this Friday in Pensacola Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets: 
Join me this Saturday at Ladd‚ÄìPeebles Stadium in Mobile Alabama! Tickets:‚Ä¶ 
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington Ohio at noon! : 
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix Arizona at 6pm! : 
Join me this weekend! /16: SYRACUSE - NOON
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!West Palm Beach FL at noon:
Join me today in Wilmington Ohio at 4pm: 
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines Iowa with Vice President-Elect - at 7:00pm! ‚Ä¶ 
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque Iowa!  
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!MIAMI‚Ä¢12pm
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!Grand Rapids at 12pm:
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth New Hampshire!  
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee Florida!Sanford at 3pm:
Join me tomorrow! 10am- Baton Rouge LA. Tickets: 
Join me tomorrow!  Omaha Nebraska:
Join me tomorrow! 
JOIN ME TOMORROW!MINNESOTA ‚Ä¢ 2pm
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids Iowa at 7pm: 
Join me tonight in Fayetteville North Carolina at 7pm! Tickets: 
JOIN ME! :Springfield OH Toledo OH Geneva OH FRIDAY:Manchester NH Lisbon ME Cedar Rapids IA
Join me! /10: Richmond
Join me! 6/10: Richmond VA - 8pm6/11: Tampa FL - 11am6/11: Pittsburgh PA - 3pm6/13: Portsmouth NH - 2:30pm
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! 
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE!
Join our next Vice President in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!MI: 
Join the MOVEMENT to !
Join the MOVEMENT!
Join us in Iowa tomorrow!  3:00pm: 
Join us in Salt Lake City Utah- tonight! 
Join us in Sparks Nevada today!  
Join us in Toledo Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! : 
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General @SenatorSessions!LIVE:‚Ä¶ 
Join us Monday February 8th the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire!  
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party! 
Join us today! Together we will !
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah South Carolina!  
Join us tomorrow in Scranton Pennsylvania at 3pm! Tickets: 
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston South Carolina!  
Join us via our new APP! 
Join us! WATERLOO: 
Joined the Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. 
Joining from Waukesha Wisconsin - now live! Enjoy!
Joining tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! 
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!‚û°Ô∏è
Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us . 
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. 
Just arrived at in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on in 10 minutes! 
Just arrived in Arizona! 
Just arrived in Cleveland Ohio- join Governor and I now LIVE via: 
Just arrived in Indianapolis Indiana to make an announcement on ! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more not fair to U.S.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters! 
Just arrived in Syracuse NY. Big crowd great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. 
Just arrived in Taormina with Melania. üá∫üá∏ 
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! üá∫üá∏
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS JOBS JOBS! üá∫üá∏ 
Just arrived in Youngstown Ohio with Melania!üá∫üá∏üé•
Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5600000 that I raised/gave!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you Ohio! 
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds great people. Going for a third now!
Just for your info tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone‚Äôs net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Just found out that is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice but OK! New polls are great.
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe. 
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford Chairman of Ford who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
Just got back from Asheville North Carolina where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you! 
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day great people!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination!
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well much more has been accomplished!
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
Just got to the in Bedminster New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting. Very unfair!
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live: 
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man they won't be around much longer!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News it‚Äôs hard to believe! Thank you America we are doing Great Things.
Just in big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! 
Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. 
Just landed from Paris France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Just landed in Baton Rouge Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! 
Just landed in Bedminster New Jersey. üé•
Just landed in Da Nang Vietnam to deliver a speech at 
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! üá∫üá∏
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. 
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son Eric did a great job - under budget!
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets ! 
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to‚Ä¶ 
Just landed in Paris France with Melania. 
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam!
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam! 
Just learned that Jon who is running for Congress in Georgia doesn't even live in the district. Republicans get out and vote!
Just leaving Akron Ohio after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Just leaving Mechanicsburg PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. 
Just leaving Miami for Houston Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Just leaving Salt Lake City Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd great enthusiasm!
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine Iowa.
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Just left Sioux Center Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
Just left the . Had great meetings on everything especially on trade where....
Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp; Rescue . Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters paramedics first responders - what amazing people they are!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish so too should our country. We can be great!
Just like I have warned from the beginning Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. 
Just like they don‚Äôt want to solve the DACA problem why didn‚Äôt the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House &amp; Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn‚Äôt want to and now they just talk!
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
Just met with UN Secretary-General Ant√≥nio Guterres who is working hard to ‚ÄúMake the United Nations Great Again.‚Äù When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. is doing a fantastic job! 
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"
Just out but lightly reported: "Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market" Lowest since March 1973. 
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1% he should take his dumb mouthpiece and just go home.
Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror." Not good we must keep America safe!
JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime WITCH HUNT!
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. ‚ÄúNo evidence‚Äù that the Trump Campaign ‚Äúcolluded coordinated or conspired with Russia.‚Äù Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times and 4 times last year alone.
Just read in the failing that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
Just received from @PeteRose_14. Thank you Pete! on Tuesday Ohio! 
Just received the new Fox poll.Thank you America! 
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow to Gettysburg!
Just returned from Pensacola Florida where the crowd was incredible.
Just returned home to the beautiful White House from Dallas where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the @NRA. It was so wonderful to be there!
Just returned to Bedminster NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security the Border and the Military! üá∫üá∏ 
Just sat down for a great interview with in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! 
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything ‚Äî and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS JOBS JOBS!
Just spoke to to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!
Just spoke to to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rossell√≥ of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL! 
Just spoke with and de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Just took off for ceremony Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan SKorea China Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down!
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Just watched and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd and the entire show is against me.The good news-the people get it!
Just watched - So biased inaccurate and bad point after point. Just can't get much worse although is right up there!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey who at one point I knew very well interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She‚Äôs been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS the Chinese or with Putin.
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz and may be an even bigger liar
Just watched recap of 's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on - He was great! Thank you John.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott they really get it (lowest Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment in history).
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
Karen Handel's opponent in can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
Karen Handle's opponent in can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! 
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Kasich voted for NAFTA a disaster for Ohio and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children especially my 11 year old son Barron are having a hard time with this. Sick!
Katie Couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN ABC NBC &amp; CBS?
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House.  
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!"ISIS is losing its grip..."Army Colonel Ryan DillonCJTF‚ÄìOIR
Kellyanne Conway went to this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: 
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before!
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives not just a freeze. Also no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos ‚Äúyou got to ask what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There‚Äôs no there there.‚Äù Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story via the Gateway Pundit: 
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States and all of its GREAT people should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country.
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning thank you. Lets and ‚Ä¶ 
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! 
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp; management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic &amp; Financial Success with low taxes unparalleled innovation fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! 
Last night in Orlando Florida was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Last night it was my great honor to host America‚Äôs senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America‚Äôs military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! 
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC.  
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. He‚Äôs bad on Crime Life Border Vets Guns &amp; Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Last time lightweight tried to knock off he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time he is out!
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp; repetitive material always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. 
LAWFARE: "Remarkably in the entire opinion the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse FBI Comey Lynch McCabe Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes really vicious. RIGGED
Leaking and even illegal classified leaking has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing (and others) must apologize!
Leaving for Albany New York now massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. 
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd will be fun!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington D.C. and the WH. Just left China‚Äôs President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; North Korea.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! 
Leaving now for Texas!
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. 
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! 
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Leaving West Palm Beach Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:‚Ä¶ 
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the their most important tournament this afternoon.
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins many championships and a gold medal will be introducing‚Ä¶ 
Let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th‚Ä¶ 
Let‚Äôs properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren‚Äôs records to see if she is Native American. I say she‚Äôs a fraud!
Lets Maryland! 
Lets go America! Get out &amp; ! ! 
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backour country and video &amp; go!¬†
Lets go Pennsylvania! 
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Schedule &amp; tickets: 
Lightweight is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is he is a choker and once a choker always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office ‚Äúbegging‚Äù for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them) is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill &amp; Crooked-USED!
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Like the worthless looks like will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money no cred!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V. much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty angry jealous failures have ZERO credibility!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
Lisa Page who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover Peter S) and attorney Baker are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
Little Adam Schiff who is desperate to run for higher office is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington right up there with Comey Warner Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE! 
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. 
Little Marco Rubio the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. 
Little Marco Rubio the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. 
Little Michael Bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. 
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow.  
LIVE on : Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS !! 
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18. Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! 
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you Florida!
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight will be live on T.V.
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3000000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia a made up Scam and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around comes around!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Look where the world is today a total mess and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast Hillary has no chance!
Looking at Air Force One MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp; build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville Tennessee tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! Melania and I will never forget it! 
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa!  Tickets: 
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M.
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the on Th‚Ä¶ 
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence tomorrow. Join us! 
Looking forward to meeting with in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years by many countries on trade.
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd big energy!
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. 
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place including the fully loaded ships at sea Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not their BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent Bob Casey has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi Elizabeth Warren lines loves sanctuary cities bad and expensive healthcare...
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 
Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their leaders can‚Äôt compete!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Loved being on this morning. Great show!
Loved the debate last night and almost everyone said I won but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
Low energy candidate has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates Lyin‚Äô Ted Cruz. Honestly I can‚Äôt blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is we don‚Äôt have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding of course)!
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for "Big Luther."
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall the military tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. 
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will and must win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful Lyin' Ted or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Lyin' Ted Cruz who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
LYIN' TED 
Lyin' Ted I have already beaten you in all debates and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
Lyin‚Äô Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
Lyin‚Äô Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me and lines from Michael Douglas‚Äî just another dishonest politician.
Lying Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
Lying Cruz put out a statement ‚ÄúTrump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big so now he wants to debate again. But according to DrudgeTime and on-line polls I have won all debates
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! 
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
MAGA! 
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. 
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. "This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic they are ready to grow their businesses." 
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders &amp; great optimism!
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They‚Äôve gone CRAZY! 
Major rescue operations underway!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10000 people in 10 countries...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!  
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's ! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:‚Ä¶ 
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
Manufacturers‚Äô record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM:
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
'Manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
Many dead including women and children in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
Many ideas some good &amp; some not so good emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don‚Äôt believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame &amp; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade a lot!
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
Many people in our Country are asking what the ‚ÄúJustice‚Äù Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress deleted and ‚Äúacid washed‚Äù 33000 Emails? No justice!
Many people talking with much agreement on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
Many people would like to see represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime‚Äôs corruption &amp; its squandering of the nation‚Äôs wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people‚Äôs rights including right to express themselves. The world is watching! 
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist Blame Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix NOW!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL‚Äôs Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50000 new jobs....
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS: 
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You‚Äôve come a long way Matt!
Mattis Says Trump‚Äôs Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria 
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. 
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
McAllen Texas- 8 miles from U.S. - Mexico border. Video: 
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
Meet the ‚ÄòTrumpocrats‚Äô: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: 
Meeting w/ Washington D.C. and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here‚Ä¶ 
Meeting with ‚ÄúChuck and Nancy‚Äù today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don‚Äôt see a deal!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S. health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!
Melania and I are honored to light up the this evening for . Join us &amp; .‚Ä¶ 
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States in Israel and around the world.
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! 
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County Florida. Will never forget them or the evening!
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: 
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain Cindy and their entire family. Get well soon. 
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the members of the U.S. Military and their families. 
Melania our great and very hard working First Lady who truly loves what she is doing always thought that ‚Äúif you run you will win.‚Äù She would tell everyone that ‚Äúno doubt he will win.‚Äù I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!
Melania will be interviewed by on now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk talk talk - no action or results. Sad!
Merry Christmas and a very very very very Happy New Year to everyone!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!! 
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! 
Meryl Streep one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Met with today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pe√±a Nieto.
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change NOW!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large ‚ÄúCaravans‚Äù of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border which they can do because their border laws work not allow them to pass through into our country which has no effective border laws.....
Mexico is doing very little if not NOTHING at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows or I will stop their cash cow NAFTA. NEED WALL!
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S. hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
Mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also we must get Wall funding fast.
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%! 
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! 
Michael Barbaro the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
Michael Morell the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A. and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total Clinton flunky!
Michigan Mississippi Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video: 
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ‚ÄòThere‚Äôs Something There'
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss) by media &amp; Dems of historic proportion!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
Mike Pompeo Director of the CIA will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World but also for North Korea!
Military solutions are now fully in placelocked and loadedshould North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
Millions of $'s of false ads paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater and sleepy are now running in S.C.
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump 
Missouri just confirmed as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. 
Mitch get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21 2012 and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president got ZERO and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Mitt Romney who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Mitt Romneywho totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool is now playing tough guy
Mobile Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected see you there!
Moderator: ‚ÄúRespectfully you won‚Äôt answer the pay-to-play question.‚Äù 
Moderator: Hillary paid $225000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for ‚Äúopen borders.‚Äù That‚Äôs a quote! 
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. 
Moments ago it was my great honor to sign into law! 
MONDAY - 11/7/2016Scranton Pennsylvania at 5:30pm.
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits under the guise of ObamaCare is over. They have made a fortune.Dems must get smart &amp; deal!
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: 
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan adding 2500 new jobs and paying $2000 bonus to U.S. employees! 
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum.  
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
More than a century after conquering flight the continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation: 
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and - sad &amp; irrelevant!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Mr. Cohen an attorney received a monthly retainer not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign from which he entered into through reimbursement a private contract between two parties known as a non-disclosure agreement or NDA. These agreements are.....
Mr. Khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the b‚Ä¶ 
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands but these killers come back in from El Salvador and through Mexico like water. El Salvador just takes our money and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you I will never forget!
Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation headed up by the all Democrat loyalists or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp; Comey letter). No Collusion so they go crazy!
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
much worse - just look at Syria (red line) Crimea Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
My Administration Governor and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border ending chain migration and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. 
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor &amp; his team. Great progress being made! üáµüá∑ 
My Administration will follow two simple rules: 
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money more freedom. means‚Ä¶ 
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! 
My daughter will be on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
My daughter Ivanka just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better or smarter person representing our country.
My daughter Ivanka will be on tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! 
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with today!
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the at the Lake Worth Inlet Station in Riviera Beach Florida today! 
My great honor! 
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible tragedy. This madness must be stopped and I will stop it.
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 sailors of the and their families. ‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director Gina Haspel has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that in these very dangerous times we have the most qualified person a woman who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
My honor Charlie - thank you! 
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. üá∫üá∏‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
My lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now) but they are watching. Really disgusting
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!
My new radio ad airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon! 
My nomination would increase voter turnout.  
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. 
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice France. We are with you in every way!
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids has raised millions of dollars for them and now must stop. Wrong answer!
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:‚úÖEliminate excessive regulations! ‚úÖLean government!‚úÖLower taxes!¬†‚Ä¶ 
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!
My son will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33000 e-mails!
My son Donald will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
My sons Don and Eric are on now 7:35. Great kids enjoy!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden.
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now finally receiving plaudits!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: 
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in! 
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's 
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they‚Äôve done!
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
My thoughts and prayers are with the and their loved ones. We are with you!
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County Arkansas. 
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the @WestervillePD. 
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the &amp; police officers- in Philadelphia. 
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur the holiest day of the Jewish year. 
My thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
My thoughts prayers and condolences are with the families friends and colleagues of the two deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
My transition team which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job will be seeing many great candidates today. 
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
My two wonderful sons Don and Eric will be on at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
My use of social media is not Presidential - it‚Äôs MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
My wife and my children will be featured on with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy! 
My wife will be w/ tonight at 7pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! 
My wife will be joining tonight at 8pmE on @CNN. Enjoy! 
My wife Melania will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
My wife Melania will be on tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by - Enjoy!
My wife Melania will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
My wonderful son Eric will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here‚Äôs a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
Nancy Reagan the wife of a truly great President was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump  
NATIONAL DEBT January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLIONAugust 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION 
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - ‚ÄúA day that will live in infamy!‚Äù December 7 1941
National Prescription Drug numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let‚Äôs keep fighting this opioid epidemic America!
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward CubaMemorandum‚Ä¶ 
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:
NBC news is and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite ‚Äúsources‚Äù which are constantly wrong. Problem is like so many others the sources probably don‚Äôt exist they are fabricated fiction! NBC my former home with the Apprentice is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! 
NEBRASKA TODAY! 
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn‚Äôt it be great if we could finally after so many years solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
Network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked. Not fair to public!
Networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit: 
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! 
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.Proclamation: 
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Never let them see you sweat! 
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses including Obama.
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is obviously a very poor and troubled country. Never said ‚Äútake them out.‚Äù Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately no trust!
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event the United States under my Administration has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our ‚ÄúThank you America?‚Äù
Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12000000?)....
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: 
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! ‚ÄúThe Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump‚Äù by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
New book by is absolutely terrific and a must read! 
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
New CBS poll. 
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you!  
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
New Fox News PollThank you Iowa!  
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
New Hampshire vote today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
New Iowa poll. Thank you! 
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: 
New National GOP Zogby Poll 
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will ! 
New National Rasmussen Poll: 
New poll - thank you! 
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies and got caught
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big Cruz Rubio and Bush down. The debate results even with a stacked RNC audience were wonderful!
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
New report from DOJ &amp; DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms....
New Reuters poll! Thank you! 
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! 
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back ‚Äì BIGGER and BETTER and S‚Ä¶ 
New York we will make America great again! 
New York Yankees President Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated. 
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill. 1:00 P.M.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. üá∫üá∏ 
Nick Adams "Retaking America" "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."
Nick Adams new book Green Card Warrior is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada Australia! 
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you!
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans ‚Äì not for criminal aliens! 
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.) media will kill!
No matter the mission the brave men &amp; women of our proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! üá∫üá∏ 
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @CNN.
No wonder the is failing‚Äîwho can believe what they write after the false malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
No wonder the Today Show on biased is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
Nobody beats me on National Security. 
Nobody could have done what I‚Äôve done for with so little appreciation. So much work! 
Nobody is watching anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp; Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8 but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US. 
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
North Carolina lost 300000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN WE WILL BRING BACK!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today. Bad!
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you a very smart and gracious gesture!
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor China by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help that would be great. If not we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A.
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel January 20th is fast approaching!
Not good news for Jeb Bush 
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts and what they are doing for our booming economy.
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! 
Not surprisingly the GREAT Men &amp; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! 
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative but they know it is not true!
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution which naturally they did not get.
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on . 
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. 
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats lead by their fearless leader Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 election. But wasn‚Äôt I a great candidate?
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities they want TRUMP!
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!) is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Councilhe will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail LaVar Ball the father of LiAngelo is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don‚Äôt worry about Dems FISA Abuse missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
Now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY ‚Äì and RECLAIM AMERICA‚ÄôS DESTINY.But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS ‚Äì and bring Main Street roaring back to life!
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING but would Peace House/Freedom House on the Border of North &amp; South Korea be a more Representative Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Obama and all others have been so weak and so politically correct that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell . 
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama‚Äîbut nobody else does!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to 
Obama was President up to and beyond the 2016 Election. So why didn‚Äôt he do something about Russian meddling?
Obama‚Äôs VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‚Äòwidespread.‚Äô I will take care ofour vets!
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans. 
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! 
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! 
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies and want to ? Get out &amp; VOTE‚Ä¶ 
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime premiums &amp; deductibles are way up!
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists no ideas or votes only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand.
ObamaCare premiums are going up up up just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct we will Repeal &amp; Replace right after Tax Cuts!
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!‚Ä¶ 
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T. They have bankrupted‚Ä¶ 
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS rise of Iran and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday! 
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
of position." Then separately she stated "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
Off to Indiana! 
Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
Oh no just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan this one from Citi. Wow no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
On üíúI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! üá∫üá∏ 
On at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
On behalf of Melania &amp; myself THANK YOU for today's update &amp; GREAT WORK! &amp; 
On behalf of Melania and I THANK YOU for an unforgettable¬†afternoon and evening¬†at the¬†Forbidden City in Beijing President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! 
On behalf of Melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening President Sergio Mattarella.‚Ä¶ 
On behalf of Melania and myself thank you Poland!üá∫üá∏üáµüá± watch here‚û°Ô∏è 
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night. 
On behalf of all Americans I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. 
On behalf of an entire Nation CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD!  
On behalf of an entire nation Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines! 
On behalf of the American People CONGRATULATIONS! We love you! 
On behalf of the American people WELCOME HOME! 
On behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's  
On China Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
On Greta 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men women and children and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again! 
On International Women's Day join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated Resort the worlds best.
On my way to Cedar Falls Iowa now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
On my way to Dayton Ohio. Will be there soon!
On my way to Des Moines Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets: 
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you! 
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd!  
On my way to Pensacola Florida. See everyone soon! 
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
On my way! 
On my way! 
On Saturday a great man Elie Wiesel passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
On Taxes: ‚ÄúThis is the biggest orporate rate cut ever going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs.‚Äù Report
On the 13th tee box with my grand daughter Kai! 
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
On this wonderful Veterans Day I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you! 
On Tuesday I visited with the incredible men &amp; women of &amp; Border Patrol in Yuma AZ. Thank you. We respect &amp; cherish you! 
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge . 
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Once again we will have a government of by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! 
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border on energy on jobs on regulations. Big changes are happening!
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. 
One of the best produced including the incredible stage &amp; set in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! 
One of the most accurate polls last time around. But likes to say we‚Äôre in the 30‚Äôs. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen! says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently! Dishonest
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. 
"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
RT @townhallcom: ABC NBC And CBS Pretty Much Bury IT Scandal Engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Office 
Come on Republican Senators you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Wow the Failing said about ....the most powerful T.V. show in America."""
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison in his fight to lead the DNC is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
Only 109 people out of 325000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage.....
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal. 
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to üá∫üá∏‚Ä¶ 
Only fools or worse are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE and this will be changed. Also our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching! 
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:‚Ä¶ 
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of ‚Äúlove‚Äù - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era and other laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair.
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. 
Our country is stagnant. We‚Äôve lost jobs and business. We don‚Äôt make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary‚Äôs husband signed and she blessed
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking tough!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and indeed the world - a horrible mess!
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... 
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler as an example is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
Our entire Nation w/one heavy heart continues to pray for the victims &amp; their families in Parkland FL. To teachers law enforcement first responders &amp; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage! 
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world they loved their families. They inspired their communities... 
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017! 
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares ‚ÄúIN GOD WE TRUST.‚Äù And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are ‚ÄúOne Nation Under God.‚Äù 
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal &amp; we will heal &amp; be stronger than ever before!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel &amp; we will heel &amp; be stronger than ever before!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!
Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!
Our great team at is prepared for . Everyone in LA MS AL and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe!
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere using - available at: 
Our great VPE is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... 
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and team. We support you! 
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!
Our incompetent Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to Iran. Scandal!
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except of course the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military now we have to fix our roads bridges tunnels airports and more. Bipartisan make deal Dems?
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video: 
Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT) SO DANGEROUS!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly we have no choice!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them and we are DELIVERING for them! 
Our nation‚Äôs motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds the voice the energy and the profound faith of Billy Graham! 
Our Native American Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren couldn‚Äôt care less about the American worker‚Ä¶does nothing to help!
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene‚Ä¶ 
Our next Vice President of the United States of America Gov. @Mike_Pence! 
Our not very bright Vice President Joe Biden just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe that was Ted Cruz!
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous low. You can thank Congress the same people that can't even give us HCare!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy something that would be very easy to do and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico which has a massive crime problem is doing little to help!
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free fair and SMART TRADE!
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California‚Äôs wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work! 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday‚Äôs Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families and our great @USMC.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday and we grieve the nation‚Äôs loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami‚Ä¶ 
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny. We are people who cherish our values protect our civilization and recognize the image of God in every human soul. 
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!
Our very weak and ineffective leader Paul Ryan had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton cameras blazing.This should not happen!
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
Out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...
'Over 250000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to '
Over 50 women were interviewed by the yet they only wrote about 6. That‚Äôs because there were so many positive statements.
Over the past 11 months I have travelled tens of thousands of miles to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE! 
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! 
Pastor Andrew Brunson a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on - way to go Pat way ahead of your time!
Pathetic attempt by to try and build up ratings for the . Without me they'd have no ratings! 
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
Paul Begala the dopey flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
Paul Ryan a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago) must start focusing on the budget military vets etc.
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special the Republican Party. Wrong I didn't inherit it I won it with millions of voters!
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. 
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will . 
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!Ambridge: 
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! 
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....üé•
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday Friday and Saturday!
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
People forget it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion! 
People get what is going on! 
People in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
People like report on my campaign but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! 
People the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but I am calling it what we need and what it is a TRAVEL BAN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of News (he has been suspended) should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to !
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' 
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‚ÄòBlew The Police Off' 
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake weak on crime &amp; border!
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled but won't out of principle! See student surveys. 
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' 
Phyllis Schlafly‚Äôs Eagle Forum: ‚ÄòNational Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year‚Äô 
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. 
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and Ernie Els and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and Ernie Els and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama two wonderful people! 
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend President Xi of China has given to the United States particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer tougher process!
Please explain to the dummies at the Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won according to Drudge etc. all 11 of them!
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible @USNavy. 
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. 
Please remember I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren one of the least productive U.S. Senators has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept.
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also Crooked Hillary hates her!
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' 
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won‚Äôt let them take away our guns! : 
Poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising national way up. Wow!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA fully secures the border ends chain migration &amp; cancels the visa lottery. If D‚Äôs oppose this deal they aren‚Äôt serious about DACA-they just want open borders. 
Polls close at 6pm.!  
Polls close but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE! 
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
power from Washington D.C. and giving it back to you the American People. 
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful.
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a under a serious emergency belongs!
Presidency. Two of my children Don and Eric plus executives will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
President you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France..  
President you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! 
President Andrew Jackson who died 16 years before the Civil War started saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
President Donald J. Trump and Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House. 
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'‚û°Ô∏è
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as ‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9 2017 as 
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3 2017 as a National Day of Prayer.'  
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama just had a news conference but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get worse!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding. I won't dodge questions as your President. 
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving ISIS OCare etc.
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago instead of golfing. Too little too late!
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn‚Äôt exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. 
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'
President Xi and I will always be friends no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
President Xi of China and I are working together to give massive Chinese phone company ZTE a way to get back into business fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against . Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
President Xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! üì∏
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts‚Ä¶ 
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order:‚Ä¶ 
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order:‚Ä¶ 
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'‚Ä¶ 
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
Presidential Memorandum for the re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:‚Ä¶ 
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland Florida: 
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster New Jersey. üé•
Prime Minister of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. 
Prime Minister and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of Melania and myself thank you for the invitation‚Ä¶ 
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation Andrew McCabe got $700000 from H for wife!
Professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. üá∫üá∏ 
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Proud of for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! 
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S‚Ä¶ 
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists......
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President every time we've spoken they've delivered......
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system electric grid many roads gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said "great job!"
Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making. says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.
Putin &amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security uni.t  o that election hacking &amp; many other negative things will be guarded..
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes tough on crime strong on military and borders...&amp; so much more. Look at your 401-k‚Äôs since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration right up to January 20th why aren‚Äôt they the subject of the investigation? Why didn‚Äôt Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren‚Äôt Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration right up to January 20th why aren‚Äôt they the subject of the investigation? Why didn‚Äôt Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren‚Äôt Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Ralph Norman who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes and....
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He‚Äôs weak on crime weak on our GREAT VETS Anti-Second Amendment....
Ralph Northamwho is running for Governor of Virginiais fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
Rand Paul or whoever votes against Hcare Bill will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50% which is higher than Obama and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are ‚Äúsomewhat low.‚Äù They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49% a far better number than I had in winning the Election and higher than certain ‚Äúsacred cows.‚Äù Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well someday!
Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post and they haven‚Äôt changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C. I will be working out of my home in Bedminster N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum I am ending both. Thank you all!
Ratings challenged reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
Reading of the NY Times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. 
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser zero credibility!
Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer the "King" has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham Romney Flake Sass. SUPREME COURT REMEMBER!
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for ‚Äúpeanuts‚Äù only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
Received a briefing this morning from Acting Secretary Elaine Duke and COS John Kelly. 
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime and unfortunately maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
Record crowd in Tampa Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA‚Ä¶ 
RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp; P 500!
released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks:‚Ä¶ 
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'
Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards CubaVideo: 
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with Mitch McConnell and Secretary of Defense General James Mattis. 
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE . It is time to -- this is our last chance! 
Remember wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
Remember Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld twice! I am the only one who will !
Remember don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources the sources don't exist.
Remember get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now that will not happen!
Remember I am self-funding my campaign the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
Remember I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters I am not bought like others!
Remember I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Remember it was the Republican Party with the help of Conservatives that made so many promises to their base BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
Remember Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons) and they did. I also predicted ‚ÄúI‚Äù would win. Republicans will do well in 2018 very well! 
Remember Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
Remember the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
Remember the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a ‚ÄúTrumper‚Äù and he lost. Good Republican candidates will win BIG!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing wrote a critical article. I was so right!
Remember when the failing apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal no honor!
Remember when they were saying during the campaign that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary‚Äôs large and highly sophisticated staff. Well not saying that anymore!
Remember when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
Remembering the fallen heroes on - June 6 1944. 
Rep. Lou Barletta a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong &amp; smart loves Pennsylvania &amp; loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts unlike Bob Casey who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
Rep.Trey Gowdy ‚ÄúI don‚Äôt think so I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country‚Äôs....
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! 
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12400000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
Report raises questions about ‚ÄòClinton Cash‚Äô from Russians during ‚Äòreset' 
Report: ‚ÄúANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE‚Äù Now it all starts to make sense!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted for political purposes into my campaign for president. It took place very early on and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a ‚Äúhot‚Äù Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!
Reports by that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency even part time are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
Representative Devin Nunes a man of tremendous courage and grit may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime the Stock Market hit another record high!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes but who knows?
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually they want to raise you taxes substantially. Also they want to do nothing on DACA R‚Äôs want to fix!
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A.
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk pen in hand!
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Republicans sorry but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years didn't happen! Even worse the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011 and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
Response to @LindseyGrahamSC:
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: 
Response to the Pope:
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! 
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
Retail sales are at record numbers. We‚Äôve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven‚Äôt seen anything yet!
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
Reuters polling just out- thank you! 
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. 
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Romney's failed advisors like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).
Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect ‚Äù
Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. 
RT @ABC: Pres. Trump: "We cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror." 
RT @ABCNewsRadio: Global fund championed by Ivanka Trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations 
RT @AbeShinzo: „Éà„É©„É≥„ÉóÂ§ßÁµ±È†ò„Å´„Çà„Çã„ÄÅÂàù„ÅÆ„ÄÅÊ≠¥Âè≤ÁöÑ„Å™Êó•Êú¨Ë®™Âïè„ÅØ„ÄÅÈñìÈÅï„ÅÑ„Å™„Åè„ÄÅÊó•Á±≥ÂêåÁõü„ÅÆÊè∫„Çã„Åé„Å™„ÅÑÁµÜ„Çí‰∏ñÁïå„Å´Á§∫„Åô„Åì„Å®„Åå„Åß„Åç„Åæ„Åó„Åü„ÄÇÊú¨ÂΩì„Å´„ÅÇ„Çä„Åå„Å®„ÅÜ„ÄÅ„Éâ„Éä„É´„Éâ„ÄÇ„Åù„Åó„Å¶„ÄÅ„Ç¢„Ç∏„Ç¢Ê≠¥Ë®™„ÅÆÂ§ßÊàêÂäü„Çí„ÅäÁ•à„Çä„Åó„Å¶„ÅÑ„Åæ„Åô„ÄÇ
RT @AbeShinzo: „Éï„É≠„É™„ÉÄ„Å´Âà∞ÁùÄ„Åó„ÄÅÊó©ÈÄü„Éà„É©„É≥„ÉóÂ§ßÁµ±È†ò„Å®„ÅÆÈ¶ñËÑ≥‰ºöË´á„Å´Ëá®„Åø„Åæ„Åó„Åü„ÄÇ‰ªäÊó•„ÅØ„ÄÅÂ§ßÂçä„ÇíÂåóÊúùÈÆÆÂïèÈ°å„Å´Ë≤ª„ÇÑ„Åó„ÄÅÈùûÂ∏∏„Å´ÈáçË¶Å„Å™ÁÇπ„ÅßË™çË≠ò„Çí‰∏ÄËá¥„Åï„Åõ„Çã„Åì„Å®„Åå„Åß„Åç„Åæ„Åó„Åü„ÄÇ„ÄåÊó•Êú¨„ÅÆ„Åü„ÇÅ„Å´ÊúÄÂñÑ„Å®„Å™„Çã„Çà„ÅÜ„Éô„Çπ„Éà„ÇíÂ∞Ω„Åè„Åô„Äç„Éà„É©„É≥„ÉóÂ§ßÁµ±È†ò„ÅØ„ÄÅÊù•„ÇãÁ±≥ÊúùÈ¶ñËÑ≥‰ºöË´á„ÅßÊãâËá¥ÂïèÈ°å„ÇíÂèñ„Çä‰∏ä„Åí‚Ä¶
RT @AdrianaCohen16: Carly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinking campaign 
RT @AlanDersh: We should stop talking about obstruction of justice. No plausible case. We must distinguish crimes from pol sins 
RT @AmbJohnBolton: Our country &amp; civilians are vulnerable today because did not believe in national missile defense. Let‚Äôs nev‚Ä¶
RT @AmericaFirstPol: .Trump led a historic journey to the White House. 50 days in that historic journey continues. Take a look üëâ ht‚Ä¶
RT @AmericaFirstPol: MAJOR IMPACT: Trump is 50 Days in and moving swiftly to get America back on the right track. 
RT @AnnCoulter: Anyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech. Your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to‚Ä¶
RT @AnnCoulter: GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS.
RT @AnnCoulter: I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase but Trump's immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given.
RT @AnnCoulter: RUMSFELD: Trump "has a touched a nerve in our country...in a way that most politicians have not been able to do." - 
RT @AP_Politics: Trump set to promote youth sports wants such activities to be more accessible to economically disadvantaged children: htt‚Ä¶
RT @atensnut: Hillary calls Trump's remarks "horrific" while she lives with and protects a "Rapist". Her actions are horrific.
RT @atensnut: How many times must it be said? Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad things!HRC threatened me after BC raped me.
RT @axios: The DOJ is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in Charlottesville 
RT @BarackObama: RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans not one who writes off nearly half the country.
RT @benshapiro: Pope on Trump: "A person who thinks only about building walls...is not Christian." This is Vatican City. 
RT @Bet22325450ste: Come on America. Get on the Trump Train. The winners already have boarded! The losers are w‚Ä¶
RT @billoreilly: A free press is vital to protecting all Americans. A corrupt press damages the Republic.
RT @billoreilly: FNC dominated ratings last night. MSNBC-disaster demonstrating folks don't trust the network. 
RT @billoreilly: Hannity crushing MSNBC at 9. Good for him! Check the No Spin News on 
RT @BrazoriaCounty: 
RT @BretEastonEllis: Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never‚Ä¶
RT @brunelldonald: I thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when I voted @realDonaldTrump! I‚Ä¶
RT @Carl_C_Icahn: 1/.2  elieve Trump gave a great speech.
RT @Carl_C_Icahn: 2/2 How many of our presidents even our great presidents would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium‚Ä¶
RT @CBSNews: WATCH NOW: The supporters you'd never expect 
RT @charliekirk11: 100 days ago a new message leader &amp; movement took the Oval Office! A government FOR the people BY the people. This is‚Ä¶
RT @charliekirk11: 3 big wins in 2017 you won't hear:Trump confirmed the most circuit court judges ever in a President's 1st year (all co‚Ä¶
RT @charliekirk11: Incredible video: does a special on the GOP tax plan The result?Every middle class family they sat down with SA‚Ä¶
RT @charliekirk11: ISIS getting slaughtered: Square miles liberated from ISISTrump: 26000 -- Obama: 13200Total Square miles held by‚Ä¶
RT @ChuckGrassley: Jerusalem Embassy Act of ‚Äò95 (Senate vote 93-5 &amp; I voted for it) states embassy should be in Jerusalem by 5/31/99. For 1‚Ä¶
RT @CLewandowski_: Gov Nikki Haley just became a liability for Rubio after this was published to social media! 
RT @CLewandowski_: Please watch today at 7:30 AM to watch me discuss @realDonaldTrump.
RT @CLewandowski_: The Scrum: Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields Incident Breitbart htt‚Ä¶
RT @CLewandowski_: Trump winning over Latino Republicans poll says | New York Post 
RT @ColumbiaBugle: President Trump greeting families affected by Hurricane Harvey. 
RT @ColumbiaBugle: Love our @FLOTUS! 
RT @Corrynmb: Liberals have an agenda and it's not in America's best interest. Keep fighting the good fight! We stand with‚Ä¶
RT @DailyCaller: Guam Governor To Trump: I‚Äôve Never Felt Safer Than ‚ÄòWith You At The Helm‚Äô 
RT @DanScavino: üöÇüí®üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @DanScavino: .in 2012 w/ Romney on tax returnsü§î(political ploy.) Fast forward..2016 w/ Robot Rubioü§ñüëé 
RT @DanScavino: .signs executive orders on trade that will set the stage for revival in American manufacturing. ‚Ä¶
RT @DanScavino: .stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg Pennsylvania- prior to main rally. üá∫üá∏ 
RT @DanScavino: Back to Cincinnati Ohio this Thursday (12/1/16) at 7pm for @realDonaldTrump's ! Join us!
RT @DanScavino: Congratulations to the 2017 (Yankee Stadium) Champions Iowa @HawkeyeFootball! 
RT @DanScavino: Doesn't fit the MSM narrative - so they wont share what did for Jesse Jackson in 1999 - so I will! 
RT @DanScavino: Great interview on by w/ Carrier employee- who has a message for &amp; ‚Ä¶
RT @DanScavino: Jesse Jackson on - when he donated space for the Rainbow/Push Coalition. 
RT @DanScavino: Join Trump &amp; Pence live in West Allis Wisconsin! 
RT @DanScavino: Join LIVE in Denver Colorado via his page- we are here!!üá∫üá∏ 
RT @DanScavino: Join LIVE in Wisconsin with Gov. &amp; Coach Bobby Knight! LIVE: 
RT @DanScavino: Join on his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ as manages rapid response‚Ä¶
RT @DanScavino: Join President-elect Trump LIVE from Mobile Alabama via his page! Watch: 
RT @DanScavino: Last nights winner was clear &amp; it will be proven time &amp; time again - lets !! Lets WIN!! 
RT @DanScavino: LOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTIONDonald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton 
RT @DanScavino: OHIO GENERAL ELECTIONDonald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton 
RT @DanScavino: On behalf of our next &amp; @TeamTrump- AMERICAüá∫üá∏
RT @DanScavino: 'Trump as Commander in Chief Making the Hard Decisions' by LTG (Ret) Kellogg a highly decorated Vietnam War Vet: 
RT @DanScavino: WE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES!!! 
RT @DarrenJJordan: CONSTRUCTIVE WINS! üí™ 
RT @dcexaminer: Emails show Washington Post New York Times reporters unenthusiastic about covering Clinton-Lynch meeting 
RT @dcexaminer: EXCLUSIVE: How Donald Trump's 30 million followers are crashing the Internet 
RT @DeptofDefense: from and serving with Task Force Marauder in . ü¶É 
RT @DeptofDefense: VIDEO: Elements of the and are providing humanitarian relief for üáµüá∑ and üáªüáÆ . 
RT @detroitnews: .in Michigan: ‚ÄòThis is your movement‚Äô 
RT @DiamondandSilk: The Media Says: The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia. Well Why Don't the Media Take Their Own Advice &amp; S‚Ä¶
RT @DiamondandSilk: When the President says "You're Fired" That means: "Pack Yo Stuff and Go Not Say "You Refuse to Go! ‚Ä¶
RT @DineshDSouza: Finally as if by accident the breaks down &amp; admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht‚Ä¶
RT @dmartosko: 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson says he'll back Trump for president 
RT @dmartosko: The same can be said of the "collusion" stuff. 
RT @dmartosko: This is the . Can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them? 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: A message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK! 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: An Honor to be in w &amp; the legend Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! htt‚Ä¶
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Donald Trump Jr. On The Record: Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: FINAL PUSH! Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing! GET OUT AND VOTE.!  t‚Ä¶
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Great group at our Victory Office in Columbus Ohio. I'm incredibly grateful to have so many‚Ä¶ 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Great pic from a friend on who have been helping with recovery and now with . T‚Ä¶
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Happy new year everyone. 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: If you live in Louisiana Maine Kentucky or Kansas remember to vote today! Together let's üá∫üá∏ htt‚Ä¶
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Ironic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that "dark unaccountable money" into her campaign. 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Last chance : Find your polling location for today's primary &amp; go vote! Visit 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Nevada: Here is a quick video created on "How to Caucus" - very quick and simple! 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal: Trump‚Äôs three eldest children jump into campaign 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Not surprising at all! Father Of Otto Warmbier: Obama Admin Told Us To Keep Quiet Trump Admin Brought Him Home 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break. 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Thank you Elko County Nevada. So much amazing feedback from my forum today I really appreciate i.t  t‚Ä¶
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Thanks New Hampshire!!.!  
RT @DonnaWR8: .üá∫üá∏ &amp; @FLOTUSüå∫When ALL seemed HOPELESS...YOU brought HOPE!You INSPIRE us ALL! ‚Ä¶
RT @DonnaWR8: I wonder what this BRAVE American would give to stand on his OWN two legs just ONCE MORE for our ?‚Ä¶
RT @DonnaWR8: Thank you for believing in Us like we believed in you! 
RT @DonnaWR8: You can boycott our anthem WE CAN BOYCOTT YOU.!  
RT @dougmillsnyt: Children race as looks on with and New York Yankees legend Mariano Rivera they as they part‚Ä¶
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 10 SCANDALS ON DIRECTOR'S WATCH... 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 43-39 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN? 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: DEAD HEAT: CLINTON VS TRUMP 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people' on London Bridge...
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: FORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED... 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: GREAT AGAIN: +235000 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: GREAT AGAIN: FEDS ARREST MURDER SUSPECT IN 'FAST AND FURIOUS' SCANDAL... 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: LIMBAUGH: By not showing he's owning entire event... 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: MEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY; TOPS AFGHAN IRAQ... 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Obama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech... 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS POLL: CLINTON TRUMP ALL TIED UP... 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS ROLLING: TRUMP 39% CRUZ 14.5% BUSH 10.6% CARSON 9.6% RUBIO 6.7%... MORE... 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP? 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50% 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 'Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States'... 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: WSJ: Grifters-in-Chief... 
RT @EPAScottPruitt: Thoughts and prayers for those in Texas &amp; Louisiana. I am closely monitoring developments along with &amp; @E‚Ä¶
RT @ericbolling: Good morning friends! "The Swamp" out today. President Trump has a copy... get yours here 
RT @EricTrump: : We made it easy to find your polling location for today's primary! Simply visit 
RT @EricTrump.:  
RT @EricTrump: 
RT @EricTrump: 
RT @EricTrump: üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: !!! üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: : To find your voting location visit 
RT @EricTrump: .and I look forward to being on tonight at 9pm! üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: 2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family! My beautiful wife made it even better! üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: Aloha Hawaii: We would be honored to have your vote! Find your caucus 
RT @EricTrump: Congratulations @FoxNews: Fox has 15 of the top 20 shows with and leading the pack at 1st and 2n‚Ä¶
RT @EricTrump: Congratulations @SeanHannity! Looking forward to being on the show tonight at 9pmET Hannity beats Maddow - POLITICO 
RT @EricTrump: Debate ready!!.!  
RT @EricTrump: Friends in &amp; we would be honored to have your .!  Ä¶
RT @EricTrump: Friends: If you live in AL AK AR CO GA MA MN OK TN TX VT or VA get out and VOTE on Tuesday! 
RT @EricTrump: Friends: Remember to VOTE tomorrow if you live in Louisiana Maine Kentucky or Kansas! üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: Honored to speak at the RNC Summer Meeting in Nashville Tennessee this evening! üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: I look forward to being on with at 7:40pmET. 
RT @EricTrump: I will be always be incredibly proud of my work for raising $16.3+ million dollars over the last 10 years at a 9.2%‚Ä¶
RT @EricTrump: It is emotional day being back at in celebration of our dear friend Colin! He was a beautiful child who we will all‚Ä¶
RT @EricTrump: Join on Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to ! 
RT @EricTrump: Join my family in this incredible movement to !! Now it is up to you! Please for America! 
RT @EricTrump: Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to b‚Ä¶
RT @EricTrump: Nevada remember you can "Vote and Go" - walk in vote and walk out! Caucus locator: 
RT @EricTrump: Nevada we are on our way.!  ocator: 
RT @EricTrump: Nevada: Reminder that today is the LAST day to register to vote in the February 23rd caucus!
RT @EricTrump: Please stay safe ! You are in our thoughts and we are praying for you! üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: So proud to be out on the campaign trail with - thanks for an amazing nigh.t  
RT @EricTrump: Thank you to for this incredible feature! "Golfer-in-Chief" 
RT @EricTrump: Tune into right now to catch a great interview with my father &amp; the entire family! üá∫üá∏ 
RT @EricTrump: Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight! ‚Ä¶
RT @EricTrump: We should all take a moment to say a prayer for those who paid the ultimate price ‚Äî Their bravery and sacrifice allows us t‚Ä¶
RT @EricTrump: Who has voted today??? Feedback from the polls? I'm like a kid on Christmas.!  
RT @EricTrump: Wow! I am speechless! Thank you to my sidekick who keeps me &amp; the in line! 
RT @EricTrump: üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏üá∫üá∏ 
RT @ErinBurnett: Sat down w/ here in Iowa. Talked God late night tweets 
RT @FieldofFight: We Can Do Better We Must Do Better We Will Do Better By LTG (R) Keith Kellogg and LTG (R) Michael Flynn 
RT @FiIibuster: We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first. Thank you President Tru‚Ä¶
RT @FLOTUS: Greetings from 
RT @FLOTUS: Had a wonderful visit from children today at the @whitehouse! 
RT @FLOTUS: I had a wonderful time with the students at the American International School today. 
RT @FLOTUS: Looking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at the on Monday! 
RT @FLOTUS: Preparations are underway to celebrate the holidays at the @WhiteHouse! 
RT @FLOTUS: Thank u to Queen Fabiola University Hospital! Enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients &amp; getting a tour. ‚Ä¶
RT @FLOTUS: Thank you to all who participated in today's discussion on opioid abuse. By talking about it we can start to make a real diffe‚Ä¶
RT @FLOTUS: The decorations are up! is ready to celebrate! Wishing you a Merry Christmas &amp; joyous holiday season! 
RT @foxandfriends: "Jeb is a weak guy." 
RT @foxandfriends: "Never give up....that's the worst thing you could do. There's always a chance." -Kyle Coddington's message to those als‚Ä¶
RT @foxandfriends: "Yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there wasn't any‚Ä¶
RT @foxandfriends: .@carriesheffield: The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public. They've failed to represent ha‚Ä¶
RT @foxandfriends: .@DonaldJTrumpJr: Trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other GOP candidates
RT @foxandfriends: .@GeraldoRivera: Chances of impeachment went from 3% to 0% with Comey's testimony 
RT @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: Comey went silent when I asked him about his memos which raised a lot of eyebrows. 
RT @foxandfriends: .@JudgeJeanine: There will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a Trump family member‚Ä¶
RT @foxandfriends: .praises President Trump for making gang eradication a priority 
RT @foxandfriends: Another Dem 'queasy' over claim of Loretta Lynch meddling in Clinton case 
RT @foxandfriends: Anthem announces it will withdraw from ObamaCare Exchange in Nevada 
RT @foxandfriends: Chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds plus give them access to city services 
RT @foxandfriends: Former President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base; Sen. Warren saying she "was troubled by that" 
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: 2 US drone strikes in Somalia target Al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab 
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: ISIS claims responsibility for hostage siege in Melbourne Australia that killed 1 person and injured 3‚Ä¶
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: Jihadis using religious visa to enter US experts warn (via @FoxFriendsFirst) 
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: North Korea responds to U.S. with Guam attack plan as Secretary Mattis warns Kim Jung Un ‚Äúhe is grossly‚Ä¶
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: U.S. flexes its defense muscles destroys incoming test missile off coast of Alaska 
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio 
RT @foxandfriends: France vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured
RT @foxandfriends: Getting the job done! Sen. Mitch McConnell delays August recess to work on health care bill 
RT @foxandfriends: Hannity: Russia allegations 'boomeranging back' on Democrats 
RT @foxandfriends: HAPPENING TODAY: House to vote on immigration bills including 'Kate‚Äôs Law' and 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act' 
RT @foxandfriends: Head of the NYPD union slams Mayor de Blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop Miosotis Familia 
RT @foxandfriends: Insurers seeking huge premium hikes on ObamaCare plans 
RT @foxandfriends: Israeli PM Netanyahu praises U.S. policy changes during meeting with Defense. Sec Mattis 
RT @foxandfriends: Jared Kushner didn't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting source says 
RT @foxandfriends: Mark Levin: The collusion is among the Democrats 
RT @foxandfriends: Millions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten Border Patrol agents 
RT @foxandfriends: NYT editor apologizes for misleading tweet about New England Patriots' visit to the White House (via @FoxFriendsFirst) h‚Ä¶
RT @foxandfriends: OPIOID CRISIS: Worse than we thought with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported 
RT @foxandfriends: POTUS the predictor? President Trump foretold housing upswing in 2012 
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump officially nominates former Assistant Attorney General Christopher Wray to head the FBI 
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today the National Day of Prayer | 
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with "fire &amp; fury" in a warning to the rogue nation ht‚Ä¶
RT @foxandfriends: Report accuses material James Comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information 
RT @foxandfriends: Sec. Mattis: If North Korea fires missile at US it's 'game on' 
RT @foxandfriends: SEN. CRUZ: It's crazy to go an August recess without having Obamacare repealed. We should work every day until it is don‚Ä¶
RT @foxandfriends: Sen. John McCain making his return to the Senate ahead of health care vote 
RT @foxandfriends: Sen. Ted Cruz: Trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for Democrats and Republicans 
RT @foxandfriends: Senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on Trump 
RT @foxandfriends: STILL AHEAD: joins us at 7am/et! 
RT @foxandfriends: Trump fires new warning shot at McConnell leaves door open on whether he should step down 
RT @foxandfriends: Trump vows U.S. 'power' will meet North Korean threat 
RT @foxandfriends: U.S. Air Force jets take off from Guam for training ensuring they can 'fight tonight' 
RT @foxandfriends: U.S. spy satellites detect North Korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat 
RT @foxandfriends: VIDEO: Rep. Scalise ‚Äî GOP agrees on over 85 percent of health care bill 
RT @foxandfriends: Wall Street hits record highs after Trump pulls out of Climate pact 
RT @foxandfriends: White House calls out Senate Democrats for obstructing nominees 
RT @FoxBusiness: : U.S. employers added 209000 jobs in July unemployment rate down to 4.3% 
RT @FoxBusiness: : U.S. markets since the election 
RT @FoxBusiness: .@charliekirk11: "What this president has done is truly historic and if a Democrat president achieved 1/10th of what @POT‚Ä¶
RT @FoxBusiness: WATCH LIVE: and host tax event on Tax Day in New Hampshire. (Courtesy: WBZ) 
RT @foxnation: . : Don't Really Believe Is a Pawn of - That's Just Their Political Tool 
RT @foxnation: .@realDonaldTrump's First Full Month in Office Sees Biggest Jobs Gain 'In Years': Report: 
RT @foxnation: .@SenTedCruz: I want to Get to a 'Yes' Vote: 
RT @foxnation: Grateful Syrians React To Strike: 'I'll Name My Son Donald' 
RT @FoxNews: .@AlanDersh: Trump Has 'More Credibility' Than Obama With North Korea 
RT @FoxNews: .@davidwebbshow: "Let's look at the calendar. It's January 20th. DACA expires on March 5th. That means this was a construct of‚Ä¶
RT @FoxNews: .@EricTrump: "My father was elected for one reason and that's because he actually believes in putting America first which is‚Ä¶
RT @FoxNews: .@EricTrump: "People have seen a year that's incredible that's been filled with nothing but the best for our country America‚Ä¶
RT @FoxNews: .on meeting with Russian attorney: "I believe Don Jr. is the victim here." 
RT @FoxNews: .on Harvey recovery: We hope when it comes to basic Hurricane Harvey funding that we can rely upon a nonpartis‚Ä¶
RT @FoxNews: .@KellyannePolls: "Since took office 863000 new jobs were filled by women. Over half a million American women have en‚Ä¶
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "I'm not against the media. I'm against the FAKE media." 
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the‚Ä¶
RT @FoxNews: Geraldo Blasts 'Fake News' Reports About Trump's Visit to Puerto Rico 
RT @FoxNews: Jobs added during @POTUS' time in office. 
RT @FoxNews: Jobs created in February. 
RT @FoxNews: More than 1 million jobs added since took office. 
RT @FoxNews: New Poll Shows Approval at 50 Percent
RT @FoxNews: President on DACA: "I'm the one that's pushing DACA and the Democrats are nowhere to be found." 
RT @FoxNews: President on Dem FISA memo: "A lot of bad things happened on the other side not on this side but the other‚Ä¶
RT @FoxNews: TONIGHT on "Justice" talks to special guests and - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channe‚Ä¶
RT @FoxNews: TUNE IN: joins TONIGHT at 9p ET on Channel! 
RT @FoxNews: U.S. Markets since election. 
RT @FoxNews: WATCH: on his decision to cancel the planned North Korea summit. 
RT @FoxNewsSunday: Sunday-- our exclusive interview with President-elect Watch on at 2p/10p ET Check your local‚Ä¶
RT @Franklin_Graham: Join me in praying for @POTUS. He reminded the world ‚ÄúIf the righteous many do not confront the wicked few then evil‚Ä¶
RT @Fuctupmind: Donald Trump's amazing golf swing 
RT @gatewaypundit: BREAKING POLL: Trump Gains 11 Points on Clinton Since March=&gt; Now Leads Crooked Hillary 46-44 
RT @gatewaypundit: Democrat Fire Marshal Turns THOUSANDS of Trump Supporters Away at Columbus Rally 
RT @GeraldoRivera: tromps . Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Mu‚Ä¶
RT @glamourizes: Only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great. He's the only person who can! H‚Ä¶
RT @GMA: WATCH: on "women who work;" empowering campaign celebrates modern women. 
RT @GOP: .@IvankaTrump: This administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda.
RT @GOP: .@POTUS: I want to work with Congress Republicans and Democrats on a plan that is pro-growth pro-jobs pro-worker and pro-Amer‚Ä¶
RT @GOP: In @timkaine's own words ‚¨áÔ∏è 
RT @GOP: On National make sure you're registered to vote so we can 
RT @GOP: Our entire RNC family offers prayers of comfort and peace for Barbara Bush and the entire Bush family.
RT @GOP: Reminder: last year Clinton pledged she had turned over all work-related email under penalty of perjury ‚¨áÔ∏è 
RT @GOPChairwoman: .is the Paycheck President. Learn how the tax bill will put more money in your pocket &amp; how to contact‚Ä¶
RT @GOPChairwoman: Comey‚Äôs misconduct once led both Republicans and Democrats to call for his firing. His reputation rehabilitation book to‚Ä¶
RT @GOPChairwoman: Crumbs are still coming. 
RT @GOPChairwoman: The Trump Inaugural Committee is donating $3 million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes. 
RT @GOPChairwoman: We‚Äôre in a prime position to defend our majorities in 2018. Let‚Äôs defy history. 
RT @GOPLeader: .made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United States. 
RT @GovAbbott: To ensure your safety ahead of heed warnings from local officials &amp; review important safety information. 
RT @GovChristie: .has done more to combat the addiction crisis than any other President. 
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet‚Ä¶
RT @GregAbbott_TX: Spoke with Pres. Trump &amp; heads of Homeland Security &amp; FEMA. They're helping Texas respond to . 
RT @GregAbbott_TX: Thanks to the Texas National Guard for their help to rescue flooded Texans. 
RT @greta: interesting poll results so far (and go vote on 
RT @greta: Prob w/ all pundits saying last fall had no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ Americans
RT @greta: Thank you - this is important to so many of us 
RT @Harlan: Watching MSM you would have no idea clearly unambiguously &amp; repeatedly condemned the bigotry &amp; violence in Ch‚Ä¶
RT @Heritage: We had a special visitor yesterday. thank you for meeting with spending time with our team and‚Ä¶
RT @HerschelWalker: What an awesome day in D.C. participating Sports &amp; Fitness Day with @M‚Ä¶
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Coming up at 720a ET on @foxandfriends! See you there! üá∫üá∏ 
RT @hughhewitt: elite MSMers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that supporters are deserting.‚Ä¶
RT @hughhewitt: I spoke to a group of influential CA GOPers tonight long time activists bundlers influencers. Support f‚Ä¶
RT @IamVicky4Trump: TUNE IN: Maria Bartiromo Has an Exclusive Interview With President Trump 
RT @IngrahamAngle: ‚ÄúFar right‚Äù? You mean ‚Äúright so far‚Äù as in has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high‚Ä¶
RT @IngrahamAngle: The prevailed! Smart for to keep his speech short &amp; sweet. Ditto for who was brie‚Ä¶
RT @Inspire_Us: No color no religion no nationality should come between us we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
RT @IsraeliPM: PM Benjamin Netanyahu at weekly Cabinet meeting:In two weeks Israel will host Trump on his first trip as President‚Ä¶
RT @IsraelUSAforevr: 
RT @IvankaTrump: .stock market rally is close to becoming the greatest in 85 years 
RT @IvankaTrump: ‚ÄúThe Trump economy is booming.‚Äù One thing ‚Äúhas done that has received little attention despite arguably d‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: 2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life. I wish you peace joy love and laughter. Happy New‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: 3/4: This Administration is deeply committed to those who serve &amp; their families who make it possible through their love a‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: Beautiful article about written by my friend the incredibly talented golfer Natalie Gulbis:
RT @IvankaTrump: Great to be with Secretary Mnuchin &amp; former Governor Sununu in Derry NH on to highlight the tremendous benefits o‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: I have long respected India's accomplished and charismatic Foreign Minister and it was an honor to meet her‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: It was an honor to meet with you Prime Minister Modi. Thank you for co-hosting the 8th annual Global Entrepreneurship Summ‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: Ivanka is joining to outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families. Tune in to‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: Ivanka penned an Op-Ed that ran in the this afternoon read it here. 
RT @IvankaTrump: Looking forward to traveling to Manchester NH tomorrow with Sec to celebrate the last under the o‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: My next project is pretty amazing‚Ä¶!xx Ivanka 
RT @IvankaTrump: My OpEd on the importance of participation and how this Administration is seeking to lift barriers so all our‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: Since inauguration over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the American economy! 
RT @IvankaTrump: Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! ‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you Angie Phillips for inviting me to tour your plant Middletown Tube Works. 
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you for the warm welcome. I‚Äôm excited to be in Hyderabad India for . 
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you New Hampshire! üá∫üá∏ 
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need..  t‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: The Administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce. Thanks Kim for sharing your story! 
RT @IvankaTrump: This year‚Äôs is the last time you‚Äôll have to file your taxes through an outdated broken system. -BYE 
RT @IvankaTrump: Today hosted at the with the announced President‚Äôs Council on Sports Fitness and Nutrition.‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: Touched by the warm hospitality of Prime Minister Abe and the Japanese people. „ÅÇ„Çä„Åå„Å®„ÅÜ„Åî„Åñ„ÅÑ„Åæ„Åô [Thank you]! Until next time üáØüáµ‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: Very proud of Arabella and Joseph for their performance in honor of President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan's official‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: We must reform our tax code so that all Americans can succeed in our modern economy &amp; achieve the American Dream! ‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: We're working to make tax cuts &amp; the expanded Child Tax Credit a reality for American families. The time is now! ‚Ä¶
RT @IvankaTrump: Working families need &amp; the time is now. This Administration is committed to ensuring all Americans can thrive‚Ä¶
RT @JackPosobiec: Dick Durbin called Trump racist for wanting to end chain migration. Here's a video of Dick Durbin calling for an end to‚Ä¶
RT @JackPosobiec: Meanwhile: 39 shootings in Chicago this weekend 9 deaths. No national media outrage. Why is that? 
RT @JacobAWohl: President Trump alone has succeeded in bringing the Stock Market Small Business Index and Consumer Comfor‚Ä¶
RT @JacobAWohl: The great again movement is WINNING and the left-wing media can't stand it!
RT @JacobAWohl: When Obama was President the LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new a‚Ä¶
RT @JasonMillerinDC: Is debating Crooked or the moderators and @MarthaRaddatz? 
RT @JaydaBF: VIDEO: Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death! 
RT @JaydaBF: VIDEO: Muslim Destroys a Statue of Virgin Mary! 
RT @JaydaBF: VIDEO: Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches! 
RT @jayMAGA45: NFLplayer PatTillman joined U.S. Army in 2002. He was killed in action 2004. He fought 4our country/freedom. ‚Ä¶
RT @JeffTutorials: 
RT @Jenniffer2012: Thank you for all the help you are providing for Puerto Rico. We‚Äôre are grateful and happy to welcome y‚Ä¶
RT @JerryTravone: 
RT @jessebwatters: Thanks for watching!! 
RT @Jim_Jordan: President Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty - it would hurt American companies and American wor‚Ä¶
RT @joegooding: What's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our it's an assault on the American people‚Ä¶
RT @JoeNBC: "Pope Francis tear down that wall!" 
RT @JoeNBC: Remarkable how cost-effective Post says Trump campaign was per vote and stunning how much Jeb spent per vote. 
RT @JoeNBC: Trump +15 on Cruz in 2 weeks. Cruz may look back and ask why he ever attacked Trump. DT has killed him ever since. 
RT @JohnStossel: I can skate here ONLY b/c fixed this rink after NYC gov‚Äôt spent $13M but FAILED! Good for Trump! 
RT @KatiePavlich: Your boss pardoned a traitor who gave U.S. enemies state secrets he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans. Spar‚Ä¶
RT @KellyannePolls: showing surging have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations goi‚Ä¶
RT @KellyannePolls: After a decent first debate is back to form: pedantic lawyerly technocratic (woefully untruthful) r‚Ä¶
RT @KellyannePolls: Love and prayers for friends Adrienne &amp; Eric Bolling. May Eric Chase know eternal peace. 
RT @KellyannePolls: more media showing ahead in states Pres Obama won twice. 
RT @kevcirilli: CEDAR RAPIDS --TRUMP'S DAUGHT IVANKA:"I can just say without equivocation my father will make America great again."
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I support President Trump‚Äôs desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for America‚Ä¶
RT @LouDobbs: - @KellyannePolls: The Middle Class &amp; businesses will benefit from @POTUS' historic tax revolution. ‚Ä¶
RT @LouDobbs: Making America Great Again- @Kellyannepolls: After is focused on saving lives not swamp shenanigans. ‚Ä¶
RT @LouDobbs: The stock market has gained an incredible 7.8 Trillion dollars in market value since was elected! Looks like 4% econom‚Ä¶
RT @LouDobbs: Trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the App seems a candidate of destiny 
RT @LouDobbs: We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First! @realDonaldTrump‚Ä¶
RT @marcorubio: Good &amp; excellent speech by laying it out to the nation.
RT @markets: U.S. job openings surge to record 
RT @markets: What Is Trump worth to Twitter? One analyst estimates $2 billion 
RT @MarkHalperin: Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of @realDonaldTrump. Says played a big role
RT @MeetThePress: Watch our interview with @KellyannePolls: Russia "did not succeed" in attempts to sway election 
RT @MichaelCohen212: I have never been to Prague in my life. 
RT @mike_pence: .is fighting to grow the economy &amp; cut taxes! He‚Äôs fighting for a safer VA. And he‚Äôs is fighting for affordab‚Ä¶
RT @mike_pence: Big night. Largest-ever Dallas County GOP Reagan Day Dinner. As I told the crowd under President @realDonaldTrump: Promise‚Ä¶
RT @mike_pence: Congrats to my running mate on a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we .
RT @mike_pence: Good morning! Join me in Lima Ohio - tomorrow evening at 7pm. : 
RT @mike_pence: History teaches us that weakness arouses evil. America needs to be strong on the world stage. 
RT @mike_pence: Join me in Colorado today! Look forward to seeing you!Denver- 2pm
RT @mike_pence: PROUD to support our friend for US Senate representing Tennessee. Marsha Blackburn is a rock-ribbed conservativ‚Ä¶
RT @mike_pence: We are heading to Virginia. Looking forward to supporting my friend @EdWGillespie. He will make a great Governor for the Co‚Ä¶
RT @MikeHolden42: He's a fascist so not unusual.
RT @mitchellvii: EXACTLY AS I SAID - House Intel Chair: We Cannot Rule Out Sr. Obama Officials Were Involved in Trump Surveillance 
RT @mitchellvii: Trump always ends up being right. It's almost a little freaky.
RT @Morning_Joe: VIDEO: announces 'a very powerful endorsement' will be coming today. 
RT @MoskowitzEva: .has the talent commitment and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise‚Ä¶
RT @namusca: a real leader that truly cares about America &amp; our values. He wants to bring prosperity back 2 USA 
RT @narendramodi: Had a wonderful meeting with advisor to and leader of the US delegation at the @GES2017. 
RT @netanyahu: Ever Stronger◊ó◊ñ◊ß◊ô◊ù ◊™◊û◊ô◊ìüáÆüá±üá∫üá∏ 
RT @newtgingrich: Seems out of touch w/ reality to announce a VP nominee before securing 1237 delegates. 
RT @NFIB: .encouraged by @realDonaldTrump‚Äôs says would benefit from lower tax rate: 
RT @NFIB: Our Optimism Index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5% of 45 years of survey readings ‚Äì and it was the 1st time in 3‚Ä¶
RT @nikkihaley: 
RT @NRA: .is right. If gets to pick her anti- judges there‚Äôs nothing we can do. 
RT @NRA: But there IS something we will do on : Show up and vote for the ! 
RT @NWSHouston: Historic flooding is still ongoing across the area. If evacuated please DO NOT return home until authorities indicate it i‚Ä¶
RT @NYPDnews: Many supported NYers when Sandy hit. Now our NY Task Force-1 can be there to help others during Harvey &amp; . Here‚Ä¶
RT @opinionsamerica: Strong administration leads to a strong response.
RT @PacificCommand: B-1B Lancer on Guam stand ready to fulfill USFK‚Äôs mission if called upon to do so 
RT @PaulaReidCBS: .confirms FBI found emails on computer related to Hillary Clinton server that are "new" &amp; not p‚Ä¶
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: top FBI investigator for Mueller--PETER STRZOK--busted sending political text messages bashing Trump &amp; praising‚Ä¶
RT @paulsperry_: Fusion GPS firm behind disputed Russia dossier retracts its claim of FBI mole in Trump camp
RT @paulsperry_: 
RT @paulsperry_: Wray needs to clean house. Now we know the politicization even worse than McCabe's ties to McAuliffe/Clinton. It also infe‚Ä¶
RT @paultdove: Republican Senators who are opposing the President look at the great economic news: Americans Are Noticing!
RT @PChowka: Fox News With Hannity's Help Regains Its Ratings Dominance By Peter Barry Chowka at The Hagmann report 
RT @PChowka: Sean Hannity's Big Week - Top Ratings Probing Reporting and Let There Be Light at American Thinker 
RT @piersmorgan: BOOM! Thank you Mr President. Trophy-hunting is repellent. 
RT @piersmorgan: Trump makes a funny obvious joke about Russia going after Hillary's emails &amp; U.S. media goes insane with fury.He plays t‚Ä¶
RT @PressSec: .and meet w/ some of America's finest on the USS Kearsarge off the coast of PR. 
RT @PressSec: .historic tax cuts + doubling of the child tax credit will do infinitely more to empower working moms than liberals' p‚Ä¶
RT @PressSec: The Trump effect: ‚ÄúThe U.S. economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade‚Äù -WSJ
RT @ProgressPolls: Who is a better President of the United States? 
RT @RealBenCarson: I endorse @realDonaldTrump. It‚Äôs time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government ‚Ä¶
RT @RealBenCarson: Many people fight for change in DC. is a leader with an outsider‚Äôs perspective &amp; the vision guts &amp; ene‚Ä¶
RT @RealBenCarson: Please read my full endorsement of for President of the United States: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: "Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004"üìà
RT @realDonaldTrump: üá∫üá∏ üáØüáµ 
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Congress ‚Äì House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible‚Äù (among many other things). ‚ÄúPresident Trump reversed the poli‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: ‚ÄúArrests of MS-13 Members Associates Up 83% Under Trump‚Äù 
RT @realDonaldTrump: ‚ÄúPresident Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2000000 workers‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold Dem‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: At the request of the Governor of Texas I have signed the Disaster Proclamation which unleashes the full force of go‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Because of the $700 &amp; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military many jobs are created and our Military is a‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don‚Äôt really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed m‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our danger‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can‚Äôt let that hap‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to l‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: I as President want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again people co‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed tonight on by at 9pmE. Enjoy!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - ‚ÄúA day that will live in infamy!‚Äù December 7 1941
RT @realDonaldTrump: Not surprisingly the GREAT Men &amp; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey McCabe and all of the poli‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: On üíúI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! üá∫üá∏ htt‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny. We are people who‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can‚Äôt get made when there is no t‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: So much Fake News is being reported. They don‚Äôt even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong. They prom‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: So proud of our great Military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the fines‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to tr‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.Remember . Remember the @USSArizona!A day‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: The travel ban into the United States should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today‚Äôs Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens i‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: Unemployment is down to 4.1% lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Mark‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: We are not in a trade war with China that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who repr‚Ä¶
RT @realDonaldTrump: We grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in‚Ä¶
RT @RealEagleBites: It is the height of hypocrisy. Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by thei‚Ä¶
RT @RealJamesWoods: I've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place.‚Ä¶
RT @RealJamesWoods: Only now with a do we see the scope of destruction engineered by and the cabal. @realD‚Ä¶
RT @Realjmannarino: The ungratefulness is something I‚Äôve never seen before. If you get someone‚Äôs son out of prison he sho‚Ä¶
RT @Reince: Happy New Year + God's blessings to you all. Looking forward to incredible things in 2017! will Make America‚Ä¶
RT @Reince: With a strong candidate in &amp; revolutionary data program Republicans carried WI for 1st time in 30 years
RT @Reince45: Promise kept. exits flawed to seek better deal for U.S. workers &amp; economy. This WH will always put ‚Ä¶
RT @RepKevinBrady: Starting next year you will be able to file under the new tax law which means MORE money in your pocket ‚Äì all without‚Ä¶
RT @RepKristiNoem: A lot of tough decisions got us to this point but we‚Äôre closer than we‚Äôve been in 30+ years to a fairer tax code that k‚Ä¶
RT @ricardorossello: Briefed in and thanked him for his leadership quick response &amp; commitment to o‚Ä¶
RT @RightlyNews: "What's a high priced Clinton attorney doing representing a low level IT staffer for the Democrats?" -on t‚Ä¶
RT @RightlyNews: It is NOT a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election.
RT @RightlyNews: Trust in the media is at the lowest level in all of U.S. history. The American people see throu‚Ä¶
RT @robertjeffress: Honored to pray for my friend at tonight's Dallas rally. c: 
RT @RSBNetwork: LIVE Stream now: Donald Trump press conferenc.e  
RT @RSBNetwork: LIVE Stream: Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton FL. Protesters already before Trump speaks. 
RT @RSBNetwork: We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett WA for the Trump Rally. Come join us- our cameras tonight! 
RT @rupertmurdoch: As predicted Trump reaching out to make peace with Republican "establishment". If he becomes inevitable party would be‚Ä¶
RT @SarahPalinUSA: Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned despite what the media is try's no... htt‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: "Manufacturer Optimism Hits Record High After Plan Revealed" 
RT @Scavino45: "The Iran deal was one of the worst &amp; most one sided transactions the United States has EVER entered into."@realDona‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: en route to from Norfolk Virginia to support Hurricane Maria relief efforts. üá∫üá∏üáµüá∑ 
RT @Scavino45: üá∫üá∏ 
RT @Scavino45: .&amp; w/ Officer Cook 2nd day on job received gunshot wound to the right chest &amp; right arm saving live‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: .Jared Kushner &amp; Dina Powell in the Oval Office today w/ Aya &amp; her brother Basel.‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: .and Melania visit with patient Tiffany Huizarin Las Vegas earlier today. ‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: .and Secretary-General pose forüì∏prior to their expanded bilateral meeting. ‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: .in the Oval Office w/senior U.S. military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the President &amp; First L‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: ‚ÄúJob openings hit record high of 6.6 million‚Äù 
RT @Scavino45: ‚ÄúTrump Comes Through ‚Äî Saves $1.4 Billion On New Air Force One‚Äù 
RT @Scavino45: ‚ÄúTrump is putting the US back on top‚Äù 
RT @Scavino45: ‚ÄúUtilities cutting rates cite benefits of Trump tax reform‚Äù 
RT @Scavino45: 20295 miles later has successfully concluded as lands on the South Lawn of @WhiteHouse‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: cc: 
RT @Scavino45: Florida Governor Rick @FLGovScott. 
RT @Scavino45: Hurricane force winds hit Florida Keys. 390 shelters have been opened in Florida. Shelters near you‚û°Ô∏è
RT @Scavino45: Last week after visiting FLOTUS Melania POTUS Trump went to visit wounded HEROES at Walter Reed Medical Center. He told the‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: LIVE Joint Statement by President Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: 
RT @Scavino45: POTUS' on Hurricane Response Efforts in on Instagram part of 9/29/17 Weekly Address.üé•
RT @Scavino45: President Trump kisses Jordan McLinn who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD) after signing the Act‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: President Trump pays respects and delivers remarks at Arlington National Cemetery. 
RT @Scavino45: Time lapse video of the border wall prototypes when they were being built in San Diego. Next phase underway: testing and ev‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: Today and Melania visit the at the Lake Worth Inlet Station in Riviera Beach Florid‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: Today welcomed 106-year-old Pearl Harbor veteran Ray Chavez of Poway California to the @WhiteHouse‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: Today President Trump issued an Executive Grant of Clemency (Full Pardon) posthumously to John Arthur ‚ÄúJack‚Äù Johnson the f‚Ä¶
RT @Scavino45: U.S. MARKETS FROM ELECTION DAY {Since 11/8/2016} üìà 
RT @Scavino45: Under POTUS' ‚òëÔ∏èS&amp;P 500 38thüìàRecord High ‚òëÔ∏èNASDAQ 44thüìàRecord High‚òëÔ∏èüá∫üá∏ 
RT @seanhannity: Starts in 30 minutes with and my monologue on the Deep State‚Äôs allies in the media
RT @seanhannity: To my dear friend please know we all love you will be here for you and your family.
RT @seanhannity: BOOM!! Tick Tock 
RT @seanhannity: Graph: @RealDonaldTrump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes Compared To Every GOP Nominee Since 1908 
RT @seanhannity: HRC mishandles and destroys classified info-NO PROBLEM! Pay/play on Uranium one NO PROBLEM! Lynch BC tarmac: it's a "matte‚Ä¶
RT @seanhannity: Tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in America today. We will name names. 9 est Hannity Fox‚Ä¶
RT @seanspicer: .wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders 
RT @SecretarySonny: Serious meeting today called by at Camp David. Reports on 's track potential impact fed &amp; state‚Ä¶
RT @SecretService: Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the families friends &amp; colleagues of 's Lt Cullen &amp; Tpr Bates ‚Ä¶
RT @SecShulkin: Our Mobile Vet Center set up and ready to help impacted by in Corpus Christi. 
RT @shawgerald4: Thank you President TRUMP!! 
RT @SheriffClarke: Happy Father's Day to all dads. My dad. Like father like son supporters to the end. He an Airborne Ra‚Ä¶
RT @SLandinSoCal: Nothing can stop the ‚ÄºÔ∏è 
RT @SLandinSoCal: When you kneel for our you aren't protesting a specific issue you are protesting our Nation and EVERYTH‚Ä¶
RT @SpeakerRyan: For individuals and families the final Tax Cuts &amp; Jobs Act:‚úîlowers individual taxes‚úînearly doubles the standard deducti‚Ä¶
RT @SpoxDHS: Schumer-Rounds-Collins destroys the ability of to enforce immigration laws creating a mass amnesty for over 10 millio‚Ä¶
RT @StateDept: .Trump at Signing o.f  ill: We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou‚Ä¶
RT @StateDept: .Trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons. 
RT @StateDept: .Trump thanks Prime Minister for his support discusses U.S.-Japan cooperation on defense an‚Ä¶
RT @statedeptspox: highlights the important role of women &amp; demonstrates the importance of &amp; partnershi‚Ä¶
RT @SteveForbesCEO: .speech on drug costs pays immediate dividends. New drug lists at 30% less than expected. Middl‚Ä¶
RT @T_Lineberger: Thanks for coming to help win Michigan! More people here than a Hillary rally with less than 24 hours notice‚Ä¶
RT @Team_Trump45: 
RT @Team_Trump45: 
RT @Team_Trump45: 
RT @Team_Trump45: 
RT @Team_Trump45: 
RT @Team_Trump45: We won. Move on. 
RT @TeamTrump: "She calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. I will be a president for ALL of our people." - ‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: "She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance she‚Äôd put the Oval Office up for sale too." ‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: "We are going to be THRIVING again." .-  
RT @TeamTrump: wants to talk about her 30 years in service. How about her 30 years of FLOPS‚ÜîÔ∏èFLOPS?! ‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: .&amp; think you're &amp; . &amp; think you're PATR‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: .had her chance and she BLEW IT..  
RT @TeamTrump: .is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level. is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE! ‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: .just claimed she has a "positive optimistic view" for America. 
RT @TeamTrump: .calling out @HillaryClinton's support for NAFTA = most searched moment during tonight's debate. ‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: .is here to talk about the REAL issue.s  
RT @TeamTrump: .has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooke.d  
RT @TeamTrump: .@timkaine's Abortion Flip-Flops: From Valuing The Sanctity of Life --&gt; Pro-Abortion Demagogue 
RT @TeamTrump: ‚ÄúPolice officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD." - ‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: 100% TRUE --&gt; is right - did call TPP ‚Äòthe gold standard‚Äô 
RT @TeamTrump: A Administration will bring JOBS BACK! 
RT @TeamTrump: Hillary's policies have made America less safe that's why 200+ general and military leaders have endorsed @realDonaldTrump!‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: It‚Äôs US vs. them! will fight for you! 
RT @TeamTrump: It's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump: N‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: Law enforcement officers bring communities together &amp; keep us safe. &amp; RESPECT &amp; stand by them!‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: Mrs. Saucier's son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device. did FAR WORSE &amp; is runnin‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy:-Bad nuclear deal-Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror-Sharing classifie‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: ONLY will end what even called a CRAZY SYSTEM..  
RT @TeamTrump: Quite simply mistreats women. 
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree - &amp; are WRONG for America.!  
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree WON the - BIG LEAGUE! 
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you believe is the one who owes America an apology.!  
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: on the stakes in this election 
RT @TeamTrump: We agree with Bill ObamaCare is ‚Äúthe craziest thing in the world..‚Äù  
RT @TeamTrump: We need STRONG BROAD-SHOULDERED leadership like &amp; in the White House! ‚Ä¶
RT @TeamTrump: When is POTUS families are going to be safe and secure. Law and order will be RESTORED.!  Ä¶
RT @The_Trump_Train: Make no mistake we are going to put the interest of AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST! The forgotten men &amp; w‚Ä¶
RT @TheFive: "being unpredictable is a big asset North Korea knew exactly what President Obama was going to do."- 
RT @TheFive: "Media bias is not just about what they report it's also about what they don't report."-
RT @TheFive: "Trump just won on law &amp; order and now he's delivering the goods." -
RT @TomOdell: .- Pope who lives in a Vatican city fortified with huge walls thinks it's wrong to build walls? Really? 
RT @transition2017: President-elect Trump announces selections for Attorney General National Security Advisor CIA Director. More here: ht‚Ä¶
RT @TravelGov: Continue to notify us of US citizens overseas impacted by &amp; . 
RT @TrumpInaugural: Counting down the days until the swearing in of &amp; @mike_pence. Check in here for the latest updates. ‚Ä¶
RT @TrumpNV: locator -&gt; 
RT @TuckerCarlson: .: told Tillerson he had the full support of the U.S. Gov't to bring home‚Ä¶
RT @TwitterData: These are the 10 most Tweeted about world leaders during the first day of General Debate 
RT @TXMilitary: : Aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today..  
RT @usairforce: ‚ö°Ô∏è ‚Äú relief efforts in &amp; ‚Äù
RT @USArmy333: He‚Äôs done more in 9 months then obama did in8 yrs
RT @USCGSoutheast: .crews worked together with the and members of loca.l  nd to distribut‚Ä¶
RT @USHCC: USHCC was delighted to host for a roundtable discussion w/ Hispanic women biz owners today in Washington ‚Ä¶
RT @VollrathTammie: 
RT @VP: .is committed to the health &amp; well-being of the US people &amp; we are confident Dr. Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeo‚Ä¶
RT @VP: All Americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting 
RT @VP: Our President is choosing to put American jobs American consumers American energy and American industry first. 
RT @VP: Thanks to the historic TRUMP TAX CUTS today marks the last time the American people will file taxes under a complicated &amp; outdated‚Ä¶
RT @VP: Went to the Senate today to say &amp; I fully support Graham-Cassidy plan to repeal/replace Obamacare. Let's get this done. 
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: Tomorrow is and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old broken code. Check‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: "At the heart of the Iran deal was a giant fiction: that a murderous regime desired only a peaceful nuclear energy program.‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: "Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America."‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: "Dr. King's dream is our dream. It is the American Dream. It's the promise stitched into the fabric of our Nation etched i‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: "Finally I want to deliver a message to the long-suffering people of Iran. The people of America stand with you." 
RT @WhiteHouse: "So today on behalf of the United States I want to thank every Olympian and Paralympian... To every member of I‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: "Today I am honored to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel back to the White House... We are also pleased to have our newly co‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: ? ? Or... 
RT @WhiteHouse: has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans. It has failed the American‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: FACT: when was signed CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017. They were off by 100%. Only 10.3M people‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: Happy Father's Day! 
RT @WhiteHouse: Merit-based immigration reform will benefit American workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on Federa‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: Out with the old in with the new: tax cuts and reforms that look out for hardworking taxpayers ‚¨áÔ∏è
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump proclaims today as : 
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump's tax cuts will generate greater economic opportunities for all. 
RT @WhiteHouse: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad‚Äôs April 7 attack on innocent civilians violated international law the Chemical Weapons Co‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers and harmful to American job-creators. Learn more: 
RT @WhiteHouse: The opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock but also stories of recovery &amp; hope. President Trump is asking e‚Ä¶
RT @WhiteHouse: Today will welcome the Prime Minister of India to the White House. 
RT @WhiteHouse: Yesterday five Secretaries testified on the Hill on the need to rebuild our Nation's crumbling infrastructure. Pr‚Ä¶
RT @williebosshog: Make America Great Again! 
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Rumor has it that is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise dopey Mort Zuckerman's 
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
RUSH LIMBAUGH ‚ÄúIf the FBI was so concerned and if they weren‚Äôt targeting Trump they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax) then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.‚Äù
Rush Limbaugh is great tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! 
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Russia has more warheads than ever N Korea is testing nukes and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks @HillaryClinton.
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS NO LOANS NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014 long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia because they will be coming nice and new and ‚Äúsmart!‚Äù You shouldn‚Äôt be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
Russians are playing and for such fools - funny to watch they don't have a clue! totally gets it!
'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' 
Sad case- did article saying I don't pay bills- false only don't pay when work is shoddy bad or not done! They should do same!
Sad sack has just done another ad on me with special interest money saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
Sadly Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal not a fair deal for DACA. Take care of our Military and our Country FIRST!
Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un. 
Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un. 
Sadly there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
Sadly they and others are Fake News and the public is just beginning to figure it out! 
Sadly this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! 
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Same failing "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved!
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: 
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State' 
School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester‚Äôs statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Secretary Pompeo and his ‚Äúguests‚Äù will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
See Lyin' Ted even the (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio not Trump! 
See when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me credit.
See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix Arizona! üá∫üá∏Tickets: 
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. 
SEE YOU IN COURT THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
See you soon Arizona! 
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 3pm- 
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'
See you tonight Huntington West Virginia!üá∫üá∏Tickets: 
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
Sen. Jeff Flake(y) who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on ‚Äúmike‚Äù saying bad things about your favorite President. He‚Äôll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is ‚Äútoast.‚Äù
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
Sen.Richard Blumenthal who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie)now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can‚Äôt tolerate substandard care for our vets.
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care) he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
Senator made horrible statements about ‚Äì and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Senator of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans and our country down yesterday. Too bad!
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness! 
Senator Cryin‚Äô Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal even going at it with President Obama &amp; then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn‚Äôt really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can‚Äôt get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday very much to my surprise and we had a very interesting talk about national security and more!
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Senator Luther Strange who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama will be on at 7:15. Tough on crime borders etc.
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations" but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace why not done?
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees change of management and board must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing....
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd the end result was solid!
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. 
Serious voter fraud in Virginia New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
She'll say anything and change NOTHING.!  
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China as it should be (5-10 years in jail) but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
Should I do the ? 
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? 
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off‚Ä¶ 
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
Since Election Day on November 8 the Stock Market is up more than 25% unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to U.S.
Since November 8th Election Day the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
Since the first day I took office all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election Russia RussiaRussia. Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling why no action? Focus on them not T!
Six hours left to Connecticut! 
Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTHüìàthat is making Americaüá∫üá∏FOUR TRILLION DOLLARSüí∞RICHER. -Stuart @VarneyCoüé•
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S. and all countries fight back?
Sleazy Adam Schiff the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia" spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd a man with so little touch for politics is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea and they have given up nothing. Wow we haven‚Äôt given up anything &amp; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World) site closure &amp; no more testing!
Slippery James Comey a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!) will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history by far!
Slippery James Comey the worst FBI Director in history was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where by the way there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' 
Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here: 
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border and with illegal immigration FAST!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were ‚Äúleaked‚Äù to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh I see...you have a made up phony crime Collusion that never existed and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So funny Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk no action!
So funny the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R‚Äôs counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material including Servers and Emails!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC which is a total joke.
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed while Crooked Hillary Clinton on that now famous FBI holiday ‚Äúinterrogation‚Äù with no swearing in and no recording lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system or just a double standard?
So General Michael Flynn‚Äôs life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don‚Äôt think so!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! 
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
So I raised/gave $5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
So impt Rep Senators under leadership of McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster must happen!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
So many great endorsements yesterday except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today Trump Tower!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down: I will fix it promise
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33000 e-mails deleted?
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking really nice to see!
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn‚Äôt want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history.!  
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities again and again!
So many stories about me in the are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China the coming North Korea meeting and of course the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp; Larry K on board. I (we) are
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be and @CNN. Fiction writers!
So much Fake News is being reported. They don‚Äôt even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all our country is doing great!
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ &amp; the ! 
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
So nice thank you! 
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! 
So now it is reported that the Democrats who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the ‚Äúunsolved mystery‚Äù that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the ‚Äúunsolved mystery‚Äù that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
So professional of news to throw out the failing newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive highly unethical!
So proud of Military and First Responders! Thank you! 
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
So proud of our great Military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the finest that our Country has ever had. There won‚Äôt be anything or anyone even close!
So sad that and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
So sad that the Department of ‚ÄúJustice‚Äù and the FBI are slow walking or even not giving the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp; see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp; hatred is not compatible with a loving peaceful &amp; successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile if that were me it would have been front page news!
So the highly overrated anchor is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but I can't fight back? Wrong!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold but what about NBC CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing &amp; @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
So to all Americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain...
So true Ivanka! 
So true thank you! 
So true Wayne and Lowest black unemployment in history! 
So true! 
So why aren't the Committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered A.G. looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who I will never forget!
Some day when things calm down I'll tell the real story of and his very insecure long-time girlfriend @morningmika. Two clowns!
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the story which has become a joke!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually we will always be trying to DTS.
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
Sorry but this is years ago before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus?????
Sorry folks but Bernie Sanders is exhausted just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
Sorry folks but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN NBC ABC CBS washpost or nytimes I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
Sorry I‚Äôve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear bad Trade Deals VA Choice the Economy rebuilding the Military and so much more and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today) and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
South Korea is finding as I have told them that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work they only understand one thing!
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man and while he will not be seeking re-election he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Speech on Veterans' Reform:
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ‚û°Ô∏è
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed great people!
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe but he never took notes when he was with me. I don‚Äôt believe he made memos except to help his own agenda probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @SpeakerRyan. Th‚Ä¶ 
Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @SpeakerRyan. Th‚Ä¶ 
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to PM of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don‚Äôt have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally the great nation of Australia!
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp; trade two very important subjects!
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to !
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Spoke with Governor of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957... 
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
Starting tomorrow it's going to be ! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota Florida!Watch here:‚Ä¶ 
State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal 
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
'State works hard and illegally for Clinton' 
Statement by me last night in Florida: ‚ÄúHonestly I don‚Äôt think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA but they don‚Äôt want to help..We are ready willing and able to make a deal but they don‚Äôt want to. They don‚Äôt want security at the border they don‚Äôt want.....
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: 
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
Statement on House Passage of Kate‚Äôs Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. 
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: 
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: 
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: 
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade jobs military vets 2nd A repeal Ocare borders etc - but media misrepresents!
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
Still time to .!  
Still time to get out and VOTE! 
Stock Market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22000 today. Was 18000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! üá∫üá∏ 
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy and create many beautiful JOBS!
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to !: 
Stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! 
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails virtually everything he touches. Romney campaignhis booketc. Why does put him on?
Stuart Stevens the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
Subject to the receipt of further information I will be allowing as President the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Such a beautiful map thank you! 
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
Such a great honor! 
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins! ‚Ä¶ 
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. 
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! 
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history."
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story.
Such an honor to have my good friend Israel PM join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. 
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to !
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
Susan Rice the former National Security Advisor to President Obama is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years most thought it would be done but yes I am considering a Full Pardon!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
Tainted (no very dishonest?) FBI ‚Äúagent‚Äôs role in Clinton probe under review.‚Äù Led Clinton Email probe. Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll very nice! 
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People‚Äôs Republic of China Liu He. 
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers leading to higher growth higher wages and more JOBS! 
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit no problem!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
Ted Cruz along with Jeb Bush pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice but didn't!
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain but without it we wouldn't have roads highways airports schools or even pipelines.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll 's are way down!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans scam!
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism as well as current mission but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE a must!
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out 
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was until recently a Canadian citizen many believe he cannot run!
Ted Cruz purposely and illegally did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money does another for votes. 
Tennessee GOP Poll
Terrible attacks in NY NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
TERRORISM IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: 
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil‚û°Ô∏è
Texas &amp; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt is in deep trouble..
Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today we are w/ you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover &amp; REBUILD! 
Texas &amp; Lt. Gov. you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work! 
Texas Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement! VOTE VIDEO: 
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn‚Äôt the politically correct thing to do and I back him now. Also AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning he is ‚ÄúTrump‚Äôs Man in Texas.‚Äù Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
TEXAS: We are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover and REBUILD! 
Thank you - great show!
Thank you for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. 
Thank you - Farmington New Hampshire.!  
THANK YOU - Youngstown Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; tomorrow. 
Thank you ! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; ! 
THANK YOU and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work! 
Thank you @ATFD17! : 
Thank you &amp; @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa with each candidate moving up one notch.
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! 
Thank you @DallasPD! 
Thank you &amp; @EricTrump. 
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr.!  
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you.!  
Thank you @EricTrump! 
Thank you Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values. 
Thank you @FLGovScott. 
Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!
Thank you "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."
Thank you @FoxandFriends. Agree! 
Thank you Kevin McCarthy! Couldn‚Äôt agree w/you more. TOGETHER we are üá∫üá∏ 
Thank you @greta. 
Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy revive our industry &amp; renew the AMERICAN DREAM! 
Thank you @IngrahamAngle! 
Thank you for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad: 
Thank you -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put üá∫üá∏ 
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. 
Thank you @LtStevenLRogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin! 
THANK YOU for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: 
Thank you for the nice comments on today. Great job!
Thank you @NFIB- together we will ! 
Thank you @NYPost! 
Thank you @RepLouBarletta!
Thank you @RepReneeEllmers!
Thank you @Samsung! We would love to have you! 
Thank you for your amazing help and support. Big win leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
Thank you @SBAList! 
Thank you @ScottWalker.!  
Thank you very kind! 
Thank you @SenatorFischer! 
Thank you @SenatorSessions! 
Thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Let‚Äôs continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you @ShopFloorNAM. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. 
Thank you Florida. Keep me updated and lets get those 100000 registered voters! 
Thank you @TheFix- Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. 
Thank you for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."
Thank you @TrumpWomensTour! 
Thank you @USNavy! 
Thank you Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! 
Thank you Abingdon Virginia! 
Thank you Adam Levine The Federalist in interview on ‚ÄúDonald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.‚Äù
Thank you Alabama! 
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Alabama! From now on it‚Äôs going to be . Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Albany New York! 
Thank you Alex! 
Thank you America - great polls! 
Thank you America! 
Thank you America! 
Thank you America! National PollDonald Trump 43%Hillary Clinton 40% 
THANK YOU AMERICA.!  
Thank you America! 
Thank you America! 
Thank you America! 
Thank you America! 
THANK YOU AMERICA! 
Thank you America! 
Thank you America! 
Thank you America! 
Thank you America! 
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow.!  
Thank you America! 
THANK YOU AMERICA! 
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders..  
Thank you Anaheim California! 
Thank you Andrew Jackson! üá∫üá∏ 
Thank you Anthony "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump" 
Thank you- Appleton Wisconsin! 
Thank you Arizona- I love you.!  
Thank you Arizona! 
Thank you Arizona.!  
Thank you Arizona! See you soon! 
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: 
Thank you Arkansas! 
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN.!  
THANK YOU ASIA! üá∫üá∏ 
THANK YOU Atlanta Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales so many people feel this way. 
Thank you Bangor Maine! Get out &amp; on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A‚Ä¶ 
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge Louisiana! WE will ! 
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! 
Thank you Brian France Bill Elliott &amp; @RyanJNewman.!  
Thank you Brian Krzanich CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Bridgeport Connecticut! 
Thank you Buffalo! 
Thank you Cadillac Michigan! on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU California Maryland New York and Pennsylvania! See you soon! 
Thank you California! 
Thank you California! See you soon! 
Thank you Carmel Indiana! Get out &amp; tomorrow.!  
Thank you Charlotte North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Charlotte North Carolina. Great afternoon! - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:‚Ä¶ 
THANK YOU- Clemson South Carolina.!  
Thank you Cleveland Ohio! 
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
Thank you Clive Iowa!
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE in November! 
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I‚Äôm elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Colorado! 
Thank you Columbus Ohio! 
Thank you Columbus Ohio! I will be back soon..  
Thank you Concord North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th we are going to Washington D.C. and we are going t‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! 
THANK YOU Connecticut Delaware Maryland Pennsylvania and Rhode Island! 
Thank you Connecticut! 
Thank you Costa Mesa California! 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! 
Thank you Council Bluffs Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Dayton Ohio! 20000 supporters- largest in airport history.!  
THANK YOU Daytona Beach Florida! 
Thank you Delaware County Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election or we are going to LOSE this country!‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Delaware.!  
Thank you Delaware! 
Thank you Denver Colorado! ! 
Thank you Des Moines Iowa! Governor and I appreciate your support.!  
Thank you Diamond and Silk! 
Thank you Eau Claire Wisconsin. on Tuesday April 5th!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Eric! 
Thank you Erie Pennsylvania! Together we will ! 
Thank you Evansville Indiana! 
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:
Thank you Florida Ohio and Pennsylvania! is not qualified. 
Thank you Florida.!  
Thank you Florida! 
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! - Watch:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you for a great day yesterday Rhode Island! 
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia New Hampshire -- will be back soon! 
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire.!  
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington D.C. 
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched the highest number in history. beat every other Network for the first time ever with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Thank you for all of your support Iowa! finder: 
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington D.C. TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINüá∫üá∏ 
Thank you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! 
Thank you for hosting! 
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado.!  
Thank you for joining me in Mandan ND Gov. Lt. Gov. &amp; @SenatorHeitkamp. 
Thank you for joining me this afternoon New Hampshire! Will be back soon. transcript:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together we are going to MAKE AM‚Ä¶ 
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. 
Thank you for sharing Amy. 
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ now. 
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit Prime Minister and @PresidentRuvi.
Thank you for the endorsement Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Thank you for the incredible support Maryland! This is a movement! 
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania Barron Ivanka Jared Tiffany Don Vanessa Eric and Lara!
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa Florida! - watch here: 
Thank you for the kind words tonight @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8.Watch rally here:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical.!  Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels Belgium this afternoon! 
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! 
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and ! : 
Thank you for your continued support! 
Thank you for your endorsement @GovernorSununu. 
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr.!  ideo: 
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to &amp; !‚Ä¶ 
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights ! finder: 
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University yesterday- @JerryJrFalwell. 
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. 
Thank you for your support &amp; friendship- Governor @ChrisChristie! 
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem New Hampshire..  
Thank you for your support Greensboro North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! 
Thank you for your support in Biloxi MS! Let's ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016 so we can ! 
Thank you for your support last night Iowa! 
Thank you for your support of my candidacy.!  
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN.!  
Thank you for your support! 
Thank you for your support.!  
Thank you for your support!
Thank you for your support. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! üá∫üá∏ 
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! 
Thank you Fort Lauderdale Florida. 
Thank you Fort Wayne Indiana! 
Thank you Foxconn for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSAüá∫üá∏ 
Thank you Geneva Ohio. If I am elected President I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Georgia! 
Thank you Georgia! 15000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; tomorrow! 
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. 
Thank you Georgia! See you soon! 
Thank you Georgia! 
Thank you Gettysburg Pennsylvania! 
Thank you Governor @Mike_Pence!Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. ‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Governor @TerryBranstad.!  
Thank you Grand Rapids Michigan! - watch: 
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International Bishop Wayne T. Jackson and Detroit!
Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin! Governor and I will be back soon..  
Thank you Greensboro North Carolina! Will be back soon! 
Thank you Hawaii! 
Thank you Henderson NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Hershey Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will .!  atch here‚Ä¶ 
Thank you High Point NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Houston Texas.!  
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President I will protect your market. 
Thank you Illinois.!  
Thank you Illinois! 
Thank you Illinois! Great news! on 3/15!Trump 28%Cruz 15%Rubio 14%Kasich 13%Bush 8%Carson 6%Simon Poll/SIU
Thank you Indiana we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Thank you Indiana! üá∫üá∏
THANK YOU INDIANA! 
Thank you Indiana! 
Thank you Indiana! 
Thank you Indiana! 
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! 
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon! 
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; ! 
Thank you Iowa- see you soon! 
Thank you Iowa.!  
Thank you Iowa! 
Thank you Iowa! 
THANK YOU IOWA! Highly respected poll just released..  
THANK YOU IOWA! 
Thank you Jacksonville Florida! 
Thank you Jacob! 
Thank you Jason Greenblatt "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump" 
Thank you Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now be there soon!
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! 
Thank you Kanye very cool! 
Thank you Kenansville North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th that special interest gravy train is coming to a‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Kentucky! 
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party Republican wins will be massive! 
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Lake Worth Florida. 
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS NEVADA! 
Thank you Las Vegas Nevada! 
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' 
Thank you Laura! 
Thank you- Lexington South Carolina! 
Thank you Louisiana! 
Thank you Louisiana! 
Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Louisville Kentucky- on my way! üá∫üá∏ 
Thank you Louisville Kentucky. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Macomb County Michigan.!  
Thank you Mahoning County Ohio! See you soon! 
Thank you Maine New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Marco I agree! 
Thank you Maria B! 
Thank you Mark..  
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. 
Thank you Maryland! 
Thank you Massachusetts! 
Thank you Miami! In 6 days we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Michael Harrison for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Thank you Michigan! 
Thank you Michigan! 
Thank you Michigan! 35%Kasich 17%Cruz 12%Rubio 12%Carson 9% Via: ARG
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to ! Watch‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to &amp; ! - watch: 
Thank you Mississippi! 
Thank you Missouri! 
Thank you Montana! 
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. 
Thank you Naples Florida! Get out and VOTE on 11/8. Lets ! Full Naples rally‚Ä¶ 
Thank you- Nashua New Hampshire! 
Thank you Nashville Tennessee! 
Thank you Nebraska! 
Thank you Nevada! 
Thank you Nevada.!  
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
THANK YOU NEVADA! @Snapchat! Username: realdonaldtrump 
Thank you New Hampshire! Voting questions? 
Thank you New Hampshire! 
Thank you New Hampshire.!  
Thank you New Hampshire.!  
Thank you New Hampshire! 
Thank you New Hampshire! 
Thank you New Jersey! 
Thank you New Mexico! 
Thank you New Orleans Louisiana! 
Thank you New York I will never forget!
THANK YOU NEW YORK! 
Thank you New York! I love you! 
Thank you- New York! I love you! 
THANK YOU NEW YORK! 
Thank you Newt! 
Thank you Newt! 
Thank you Newt! 
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Nicole! 
Thank you North Carolina! 
Thank you North Carolina! ¬† 
Thank you Northern Mariana Islands.!  
Thank you Novi Michigan! Get out and VOTE on 11/8. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! 
Thank you Ohio! 
Thank you OHIO! 
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: 
Thank you Ohio! Together we made history ‚Äì and now the real work begins. America will start winning again!‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Ohio. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia.!  
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
Thank you- on my way! 
Thank you Oregon.!  
Thank you Orlando Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch‚Ä¶ 
Thank you our great honor! 
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress.!  
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Pennsylvania! 
Thank you Pennsylvania! 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here: 
Thank you Pennsylvania! 
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! on 11/8/16- together‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Peter - if elected I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! 
Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! 
Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania! 
Thank you- Plymouth New Hampshire.!  
Thank you Portland Maine! 
Thank you Pueblo Colorado! 
Thank you Rand! 
Thank you Redding California! 
Thank you Reno Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! ‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis!
Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn!
Thank you Rep. Collins! 
Thank you Rhode Island! 
Thank you Richmond Virginia! 
Thank you Roanoke Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!Sign up: 
Thank you Roanoke Virginia- be back soon! 
Thank you Roseanne very much appreciated. 
Thank you Sacramento California! 
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities putting all Americans at risk.
Thank you Sanford Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE ! - watch this afternoons rally here:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. ‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! 
Thank you Senator @TedCruz! 
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
Thank you so much to 
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person. 
Thank you South Bend Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; tomorrow! 
Thank you South Carolina! 
Thank you South Carolina.!  
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will ! 
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. ‚Ä¶ 
Thank you South Carolina! Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you South Dakota! 
Thank you Sparks Nevada! Finder: 
Thank you Speaker @PRyan.!  
Thank you Springfield Ohio. Get out and ! - watch here: 
THANK YOU St. Augustine Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets ! Off to Tampa now!‚Ä¶ 
Thank you St. Louis Missouri! 
Thank you St. Louis Missouri! 
THANK YOU SYRACUSE! 
Thank you Tallahassee Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!- watch here: 
Thank you Tampa Florida! 
Thank you Tennessee! 
Thank you Tennessee! 
Thank you Terre Haute Indiana! 
Thank you Texas! 10000 amazing supporters.!  
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: 
Thank you the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! 
Thank you to for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!
Thank you to for exposing the truth. Perhaps that‚Äôs why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
Thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Thank you to for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia including Crimea Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
Thank you to for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you to and for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are in the ratings!
Thank you to for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.reg cuttingStock M jobsborder etc. = TRUE!
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. We can do this!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country you provide for your family you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! 
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma Arizona &amp; around the United States! 
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with relief in Texas! 
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! 
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage New York. Keep up the great work! 
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers behind the scenes in Iowa! 
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! ‚Ä¶ 
Thank you to all of the supporters who far out-numbered the protesters yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on for grading year one of my presidency with an ‚ÄúA‚Äù-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of ‚Äúcatch &amp; release‚Äù and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety &amp; Security reasons.
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz the Mayor of San Juan for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. 
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us yesterday! 
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the yesterday. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you to FEMA our great Military &amp; all First Responders who are working so hardagainst terrible oddsin Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Thank you to General John Kelly who is doing a fantastic job and all of the Staff and others in the White House for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult but it is always great to WIN and few have won more than us!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
Thank you to Governor for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you to Jack Morgan Tamara Neo Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Thank you to KenStarr former Independent Counsel Whitewater for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with 
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. 
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! 
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! 
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.‚Ä¶ 
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.Remember . Remember the @USSArizona!A day I‚Äôll never forget. 
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the‚Ä¶ 
Thank you to our law enforcement officers.!  
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country both in times of peace &amp; war. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA‚Ä¶ 
Thank you to our wonderful team and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! üá∫üá∏ 
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered. 
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50% which is higher than Cheatin‚Äô Obama at the same time in his Administration.
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
Thank you to Sue Kruczek who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Thank you to the 2500+ in North Augusta South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado! 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach Florida.!  
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK! 
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES‚Ä¶ 
Thank you to the Governor of Florida Rick Scott for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets ! Watch:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States for a job well done!
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally! 
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff‚Äôs Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! 
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. üá∫üá∏ 
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and on the great article - on WINNING! 
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!
Thank you Toledo Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Travis County Texas! 
Thank you Vermont! 
Thank you Vermont! 
Thank you Virginia! 
Thank you Virginia! 
Thank you Virginia! 15000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and tomorrow! 
Thank you Warwick Rhode Island! 
Thank you Washington! 
Thank you Washington! Honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
Thank you Washington! Together WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN.!  
Thank you Waterbury Connecticut! 
Thank you Waukesha Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech :
Thank you West Chester Pennsylvania! 
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you West Virginia! 
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. 
Thank you Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania.!  
Thank you Willie Robertson.!  
Thank you Wilmington North Carolina! 
Thank you Wilmington North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life!‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Windham New Hampshire.!  
THANK YOU WISCONSIN! next Tuesday April 5th! 
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs jobs jobs! Watch:‚Ä¶ 
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for at w/ &amp; @GovWalker. Remarks‚Ä¶ 
Thank you working hard! 
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU.!  
Thank you! 
Thank you.!  
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
THANK YOU! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! Polls 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Thank you.!  
Thank you! 
THANK YOU! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
THANK YOU! finder: 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Thank you.!  
THANK YOU! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! ‚ÄúTrump‚Äôs Defining Speech‚Äù WSJ Editorial: 
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @NRA- prior to @GOPconvention.!  
Thank you! CNBC poll with over 400000 votes. Trump 61%Clinton 39% ‚Ä¶ 
Thank you! Facebook: 
Thank you! Four new polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN‚Ä¶ 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! Together we will ! 
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you!Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47% Clinton 43% 
Thanks @piersmorgan! "Trump is the most unpredictable extraordinary entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
Thanks Dave! 
Thanks for your support! 
Thanks Piers. 
Thanks to for your kind words very much appreciated.
Thanks to McConnell and the we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS America is open for business and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages salaries and bonuses! 
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law your paychecks are going way UP your taxes are going way DOWN and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
Thanks to very brave Teacher &amp; Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville Indiana for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thanks! 
That was an amazing interview on - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the is!
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
That‚Äôs right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It‚Äôs about JOBS JOBS JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST! 
That's right we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but in the end had no game!
The "dirty" poll done by is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!
The trend on Twitter right now is - thank you!
The to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. 
The sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
The MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. up 16%. up 19.5%. Drilling &amp; energy sector...
The was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
The is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
The speech is really boring slow lethargic - very hard to watch!
The will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations! 
The poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
The panels are so one sided almost all against Trump. is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
The story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and Pence. It is . They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
The is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer who said it was a lie!
The purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
The sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
The states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!
The endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
The opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
The must fight harder for the American worker. China and many others are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
The is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved. 
The quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy boring!
The report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
The is partnering with and to bring the @NSCsafety's ‚ÄúPrescribed to Death‚Äù Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow April 12th to April 18th. More information: 
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion except by the Democrats!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‚Äòtill the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. 
The ABC/Washington Post Poll even though almost 40% is not bad at this time was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2 3 4 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps? .....
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
The American dream is back. We‚Äôre going to create an environment for small business like we haven‚Äôt had in many ma‚Ä¶ 
The American people agree. No free pass for ! 
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them ‚Äì not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done! 
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action! 
the American people. I have no doubt that we will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
The big Caravan of People from Honduras now coming across Mexico and heading to our ‚ÄúWeak Laws‚Äù Border had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad but we will get it done anyway!
The big questions in Comey‚Äôs badly reviewed book aren‚Äôt answered like how come he gave up Classified Information (jail) why did he lie to Congress (jail) why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn‚Äôt they TAKE it) why the phony memos McCabe‚Äôs $700000 &amp; more?
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
The biggest story yesterday the one that has the Dems in a dither is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
The booing at the NFL football game last night when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
The Budget passed late last night 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
The cast and producers of Hamilton which I hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Chinese Envoy who just returned from North Korea seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people and the military put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR! 
The Christmas Story begins 2000 years ago with a mother a father their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all‚Äîthe gift of God‚Äôs love for all of humanity.Whatever our beliefs we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life... 
The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice 
'The Clinton Foundation‚Äôs Most Questionable Foreign Donations' 
The Clinton News Network sometimes referred to as is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
The Clinton's are the real predators...
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I can‚Äôt tell the truth about her husband? Don‚Äôt feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. 
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growthwhich asked me for $1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or CFPB has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing! 
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people Spies (Informants) into my campaign! Surveillance much?
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. Americans need ! More: 
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be if completed a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
The debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS gave us the win!
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And it is lousy healthcare.
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation that number..
The Democrats are not doing what‚Äôs right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! 
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party‚Äôs campaign is different than having a Spy as illegal as that may be. But what about an ‚ÄúInformant‚Äù who is paid a fortune and who ‚Äúsets up‚Äù way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly (306) so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan always fighting the Republican nominee!
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
The Democrats have been told and fully understand that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration &amp; ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!
The Democrats have no message not on economics not on taxes not on jobs not on failing . They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad!
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
The Democrats just aren‚Äôt calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast or they‚Äôll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
The Democrats lead by head clown Chuck Schumer know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it they..
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall think Merit and end Lottery &amp; Chain. USA!
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew because of sources and methods (and more) would have to be heavily redacted whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace! 
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
The Democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry we are in very good shape!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
The Democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
The Dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed) will be paid back by Mexico later!
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states it is for the people....
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!‚Ä¶ 
The DJT Foundation unlike most foundations never paid fees rent salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
The documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
The Dow just broke 24000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence which is also at an all-time high would be ‚Äúlow and glum!‚Äù
The dying National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies. 
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
The Economy is raging at an all time high and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play. Campaigning is much different!
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
The endorsement of me by the 16500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change and other than the vast military power of the United States that Iran‚Äôs people are what their leaders fear the most.... 
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of . First we need to‚Ä¶ 
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely‚Ä¶ 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . 
The European Union wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade are complaining about the tariffs on Steel &amp; Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers &amp; tariffs on U.S. products going in we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can&amp; did!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way totally without authorization is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
The failing National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
The failing destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
The failing does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!
The failing finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
The failing has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
The failing has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
The failing has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? 
The failing has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything has become a laughingstock rag!
The Failing has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue! 
The failing hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping President of China.....
The Failing in a story by Peter Baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp; The Paris Accord &amp; the fast....
The failing is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
The failing just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
The Failing quotes ‚Äúa senior White House official‚Äù who doesn‚Äôt exist as saying ‚Äúeven if the meeting were reinstated holding it on June 12 would be impossible given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.‚Äù WRONG AGAIN! Use real people not phony sources.
The failing reporters don't even call us anymore they just write whatever they want to write making up sources along the way!
The Failing set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool and that's what I am dealing with!
The failing story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
The failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
The Failing the pipe organ for the Democrat Party has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
The failing was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
The failing which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized) is totally inept!
The failing which never spoke to me keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False I am who I am-never said
The failing would do much better if they were honest! 
The failing writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
The failing writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years and now are making up stories &amp; sources!
The failing wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73 Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
The failing wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women they found nothing. A joke!
The failing newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid how desperate!
The failing Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
The Failing and Corrupt estimated the crowd last night at ‚Äú1000 people‚Äù when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin‚Äô. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don‚Äôt ‚Äúget‚Äù me and never did!
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing) when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News so bad!
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristAl-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers John Dowd Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen not a Ukrainian businessman who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype) hosted by Doug in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia C story!
The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember I won....
The Fake Mainstream Media has from the time I announced I was running for President run the most highly sophisticated &amp; dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do they find fault. But the forgotten men &amp; women WON I‚Äôm President!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
The Fake News is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know General John Kelly by saying he will soon be.....
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife‚Äôs campaign by Crooked H friend Terry M who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all and much more!
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don‚Äôt exist). They are totally unhinged and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can‚Äôt believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D) who was SECRETLY on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well their was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally.....
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well there was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally.....
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he...
The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy &amp; all things else 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?
The FAKE NEWS media (failing and many more.)  s not my enemy it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @CNN) is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American People!
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. &amp; are unwatchable. is great!
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads Rob Goldman! 
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
The Fake News Networks those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The ‚ÄúFakers‚Äù at CNN NBC ABC &amp; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN. 
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C. surging economy &amp; jobsborder &amp; military securityISIS &amp; MS-13 etc.
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Fake News Washington Post Amazon‚Äôs ‚Äúchief lobbyist‚Äù has another (of many) phony headlines ‚ÄúTrump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.‚Äù WRONG! Should read ‚ÄúTrump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties Will End Barriers And Massive I.P. Theft.‚Äù Typically bad reporting!
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! So true. 
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on it‚Äôs going to be üá∫üá∏
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team &amp; fast. We must fight them &amp; Dems in 2018!
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
The good news is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares! 
The Governor of Puerto Rico Ricardo Rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
The great boxing promoter Don King just endorsed me. Nice!
The Great State of Arizona where I just had a massive rally (amazing people) has a very weak and ineffective Senator Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than as your Senator. Saw him on - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next she was a bad candidate!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something and especially since this is for the American People!
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done faster than even Ronald Reagan. ‚ÄúWe‚Äôre blown away‚Äù said Thomas Binion of Heritage President Trump ‚Äúis very active very conservative and very effective. Huge volume &amp; spectrum of issues.‚Äù
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields in cemeteries battlefields and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies from privilege and from poverty... 
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory she's out!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! 
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing we know what will happen. In just a short time the world‚Äôs leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world‚Äôs most dangerous weapons.... 
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. 
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
The journey to began 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at !
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The just out USA Today National Poll where I lead by big numbers shows that in a head to head matchup I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border always committing crimes and being violent and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime WEAK on the Border Bad for our Military and our great Vets Bad for our 2nd Amendment AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
The late great William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize the dying National Review!
The long anticipated release of the will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs high business enthusiasm..
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59% the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
The Massive Tax Cuts which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes hate these big Cuts!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
The Mayor of San Juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! 
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. and the little watched = SAD!
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He‚Äôs not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea nuclear "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
The media is so after me on women Wow this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong) watch November
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House as it pertains to my business so complex - when actually it isn't!
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday outside of Flake and Corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The meeting with the is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
The migrant ‚Äòcaravan‚Äô that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda ‚Äì Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
The military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc. have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. üé•
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP 
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime‚Ä¶ 
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
The negative television commercials about me paid for by the politicians bosses are a total . When you watch remember!
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp; go and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos only great Energy!
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. 
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails which should never have been written (stupid) because Putin likes me
The new Rasmussen Poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's 's!
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don‚Äôt speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will ‚Äúflip.‚Äù They use....
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don‚Äôt speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will ‚Äúflip.‚Äù They use....
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That‚Äôs almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance agreement &amp; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments... 
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
The only people who don‚Äôt like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don‚Äôt understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
The only reason irrelevant doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.‚Ä¶ 
The opinion of this so-called judge which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country is ridiculous and will be overturned!
The organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago have totally energized America!
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:
The passage of the Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo‚Ä¶ 
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China NOT WOMEN!
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion weak on Crime Military and Illegal Immigration Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is by far me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes weak on Crime and Border.
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva Switzerland not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out I will pick up more. Sad but true
The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the opposite!
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for U.S.A.
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours and the media blames my supporters!
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful but outside criminals!
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate bigotry etc. Shame!
The race for DNC Chairman was of course totally "rigged." Bernie's guy like Bernie himself never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! 
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
The ratings at blow away the ratings of - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good but for the final night my speech great. Thank you!
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
The real story that Congress the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
The reason I am staying in Bedminster N. J. a beautiful community is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily) is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR and Evangelicals do not like liars!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes why wouldn‚Äôt we win?
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters......  hank you!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders not weak people such as if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and after 7 years vote to Repeal and Replace. Next Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: 
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous I WON! Thank you these are very exciting times.
The rigged Dem Primary one of the biggest political stories in years got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges but...
The RNC which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
The Roger Stone report on is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
The Russia hoax continues now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up phony crime.There is no O it‚Äôs called Fighting Back
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
The same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. says it would be ‚Äúthe end of immigration enforcement in America.‚Äù It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals) doesn‚Äôt build the wall expands chain migration keeps the visa...
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away no pictures."
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
The Senate should get funding done before the August break or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct all they know how to do. STAY!
The seriously failing despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest hits!
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion &amp; yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration but look what they did for Hillary NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded Chain &amp; Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said leakers are traitors and cowards and we will find out who they are!
The soon to be released book ‚ÄúThe Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump‚Äù written by Gregg Jarrett looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
The State Department's 'shadow government' 
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
The state of Virginia economy under Democrat rule has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back!
The statement put out yesterday by was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!
The story with Hillary will never change. 
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term ‚ÄúMission Accomplished.‚Äù I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term it should be brought back. Use often!
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual bad judgment.
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well great support. With just a few changes some mathematical the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don‚Äôt let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends the defeated Dems and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves starting very soon. Jobs Jobs Jobs!
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember his wife's employer and his lender is located there!
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program" a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs I swear we will......
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man Mike Pence. Apologize!
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access INCREASE choices and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE! ‚û°Ô∏è
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank &amp; File are great people!
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! 
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads bridges tunnels railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be politically correct!
The trip by Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
The true question for the @UN...üé•
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly who honored me with her strong endorsement for president has passed away at 92. She was very special!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation in just twelve months than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office no matter what the length. The good news is THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
The Trump base is far bigger &amp; stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn Iowa Ohio.......
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. 
The truth is a beautiful weapon. 
The two fake news polls released yesterday ABC &amp; NBC while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
The U.S. Coast Guard FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7 THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
The U.S. economy is looking very good in my opinion even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great and Regulations &amp; Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS JOBS JOBS
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea and paying them extortion money for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also record business enthusiasm.
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp; Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don‚Äôt support us (including at the United Nations)?
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another country
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: 
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved fast and easy. Dems would do it no doubt!
The U.S. under my administration is completely rebuilding its military and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world being built right now. I want peace through strength! 
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together talk and have a good time. So sad!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace not Death!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
The United States cannot continue to make such bad one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona Spain and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong we love you!
The United States does not need John Kerry‚Äôs possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal. He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our ‚Äúvery stupid‚Äù trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. 
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security -economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. 
The United States hasn‚Äôt had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
The United States is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. 
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. üá∫üá∏üá´üá∑ 
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is ! 
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
The very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave he won) then dropped me over locker room remarks!
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
The W.H. is functioning perfectly focused on HealthCare Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
The Wall is the Wall it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be of necessity see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains wastelands or tough rivers or water.....
The Wall Street Journal asks ‚ÄúWHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?‚Äù A very good question!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them ‚ÄúI have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un‚Äù (of N. Korea). Obviously I didn‚Äôt say that. I said ‚ÄúI‚Äôd have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un‚Äù a big ifference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...
The WALL which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built.
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...
The Washington Post calls out for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! 
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which don‚Äôt exist. Story on John Kelly isn‚Äôt true just another hit job!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which don‚Äôt exist. Story on John Kelly isn‚Äôt true...just another hit job!
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as ‚ÄúMr. Magoo‚Äù and Rod Rosenstein as ‚ÄúMr. Peepers.‚Äù This is ‚Äúaccording to people with whom the president has spoken.‚Äù There are no such people and don‚Äôt know these characters...just more Fake &amp; Disgusting News to create ill will!
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:TRUMP 77% (18290)CLINTON 17% (4100) 
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! 
The White House Correspondents‚Äô Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
The White House Correspondents‚Äô Dinner was a failure last year but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy ‚Äúcomedian‚Äù totally bombed (couldn‚Äôt even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest or start over!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going ‚Äúbonkers!‚Äù
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform.
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud!
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they‚Äôre looking at the rest of the World. Oh‚Äô great!
The women played great today at the üá∫üá∏ I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! 
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
The world is most peaceful and most prosperous when America is strongest. 
The world is noticing thanks! 
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
The writer of the now proven false story in the Michael Barbaro who was interviewed on CBS this morning was unable to respond.
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea? I don't think so!
Then on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
There are no buyers for the worthless but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous crime infested &amp; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp; Safety NOW!
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now‚Äîwe're bringing back the JOBS! 
There is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
There is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma North Carolina! watch here‚Ä¶ 
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all to end!
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than who is strong on Borders &amp; Crime loves our Military &amp; our Vets voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp; trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits Negotiations on NAFTA and much more. Witch Hunt!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries you have waited long enough!
There will be no amnesty! 
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works and it stays!
There‚Äôs never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons‚Äô actions were far worse
Theresa don‚Äôt focus on me focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
these companies are able to move between all 50 states with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. 
These politicians like Cruz and Graham who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things better!
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! 
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
They say that if I participated in last night‚Äôs Fox debate they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record.
Theüá∫üá∏has great strength &amp; patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but to totally destroy . 
Things are going really well for our economy a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news and much more to come!
Things are looking great for Karen H!
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) has done a long &amp; boring story indicating that the World‚Äôs most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia &amp; me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media as usual gave them a pass.
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! 
This election is a choice between law order &amp; safety - or chaos crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. 
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said "We have to accept the results and look to the future Donald --
"This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c‚Ä¶ 
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLTrump 42% Clinton 41%
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach Florida at noon. Tune in!
Thank you. !  Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!Cincinnati Ohio- tonight 7:30pm: 
The phony story in the failing is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident"" in her story. Because it did not happen!"
This is a MOVEMENT! 
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today: 
This is a storm of enormous destructive power and I ask everyone in the storm‚Äôs path to heed ALL instructions from government officials. 
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK. !  This is happening all over our country‚Äîgreat people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. Repub party is in trouble! 
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! 
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off. The American people get it! 
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum. 
This is the definition of ransom ‚¨á 
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. 
This is the right TAX CUT the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed &amp; grow TOGETHER ‚Äì as one team one people &amp; one American family. 
This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk no action. 
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! üá∫üá∏ 
This is what we can expect from . More Taxes. More Spending. .  This is your land this is your home and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up be heard and fight fight fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola Florida! 
This memo totally vindicates ‚ÄúTrump‚Äù in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. 
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world The Gerald R. Ford. Norfolk Va.
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? 
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital but the program needs work &amp; is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!
This story is not about Mr. Khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. 
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune. 
This week the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together we will give the American people a big beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY! 
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation‚Äôs classrooms with the jobs of the future. 
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven‚Äôt been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. &amp; CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! Read more: 
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win win win!
thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president. Sound familiar! WP
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our sailors aboard the where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. 
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors and listen‚Ä¶ 
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. 
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th‚Ä¶ 
Thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph Michigan.
Thr coverage about me in the and the gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
Throughout my travels I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free &amp; open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign &amp; independent nations w/diverse cultures &amp; many different dreams can all prosper side-by-side. 
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Tim Kaine is and always has been owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
TIME poll - over 800000 votes. Thank you. !  Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named ‚ÄúMan (Person) of the Year‚Äù like last year but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
Time to in Washington D.C. and VOTE on 11/8/2016. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE‚Ä¶ 
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. 
Time to start building in our country with American workers &amp; with American iron aluminum &amp; steel. It is time to‚Ä¶ 
TO ALL AMERICANS- &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we‚Ä¶ 
TO ALL AMERICANSüá∫üá∏
To all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. 
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests we welcome you with open arms. People first.
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico CONGRATULATIONS! 
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the :‚òëÔ∏èKeep the watchüá∫üá∏‚òëÔ∏èProtect herüá∫üá∏‚òëÔ∏èDefend herüá∫üá∏‚òëÔ∏èLOVE HERüá∫üá∏Good Luck &amp; Godspeed! 
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! FIRST
To the Class of 2018 I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS you are WARRIORS you are FIGHTERS you are CHAMPIONS and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.! 
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years high crime poor schools no jobs. I will fix it VOTE "T"
To the great people of West Virginia we have together a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is Don Blankenship currently running for Senate can‚Äôt win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
To the people of Kentucky Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. 
To the people of Puerto Rico:Do not believe the !üáµüá∑
To the three UCLA basketball players I say: You're welcome go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
to the U.S. but had nothing to do with TRUMP is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Today hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by say hel‚Ä¶ 
Today Melania and I were honored to welcome French President and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @WhiteHouse. We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner in their honor. 
Today Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse!üá∫üá∏üá¶üá∫Press Conference: 
Today Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of who lost their lives in our Nation‚Äôs eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential. 
Today as we Remember Pearl Harbor it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice. 
Today I announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! 
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific and together to promote our prosperity and security. 
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the Legislation into law. 
Today I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of . 
Today I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
Today I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime‚Äôs hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. 
Today I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. ‚Ä¶ 
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief‚Äôs Trophy for the first time in 21 years to the Black Knights at the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations!
Today I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more‚Ä¶ 
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.‚Ä¶ 
Today I signed an Executive Order the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act‚Ä¶ 
Today I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:‚Ä¶ 
Today I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:‚Ä¶ 
Today I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (.) The bill authorizes....cont‚û°Ô∏è
Today I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: 
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act the @WhiteHouse. Watch‚Ä¶ 
Today I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @March_for_Life! You are living witnesses of this year‚Äôs March for Life theme: . 
Today I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America‚Äôs depleted infrastructure. 
Today I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the . A grea‚Ä¶ 
Today I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU‚Ä¶ 
Today I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck the Team America Rocketry Challenge! Watch‚Ä¶ 
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. 
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 joined by @SecShulkin. 
Today in Florida I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 
Today in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham ‚Äì an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God‚Äôs grace. 
Today is a day that I‚Äôve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. Now as President of the United States it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! 
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the by participating! 
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year ‚Äì the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police (HEROES) 100%! 
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! ‚Ä¶ 
Today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the Act into law delivering my campaign promise‚Ä¶ 
Today it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse! üèÜPhotos: 
Today it was an honor to have @UNSecretary-General at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A. we appreciate all you do! 
Today it was my great honor to celebrate the at the in the Rose Garden! Proclamation: 
Today it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States in Annapolis Maryland. Congratulations!Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH! 
Today it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the with State and local leaders law enforcement officers and education officials.There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe and we will deliver! 
Today it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.During the Crown Prince‚Äôs visit he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals including finalizing the purchase of F-16‚Äôs... 
Today it was my great honor to present the to (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Full ceremony: 
Today it was my great honor to proclaim January 15 2018 as Martin Luther King Jr. Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic community and service activities in honor of Dr. King's life and legacy. 
Today it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve! 
Today it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks: 
Today it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!üá∫üá∏üá∞üá∑ 
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference: 
Today it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! 
Today it was my honor to join the great men and women of and at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling Virginia. Fact sheet: 
Today it was my honor to sign the "Economic Growth Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act.‚Äù Read more: 
Today it was my honor to welcome Estonia President Lithuania President and Latvia President to the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! : 
Today it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse! 
Today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve. 
Today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the to the @WhiteHouse. üá∫üá∏Remarks: 
Today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the to the WH. Remarks: 
Today it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico Virginia. I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you! 
Today my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation more competition and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter! 
Today my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse. 
Today on we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained‚Ä¶ 
Today on Earth Day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
Today on Long Island we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union... 
Today our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR‚Äîand the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform and God Bless the United States of America. üá∫üá∏ 
Today proves what I have always known that Priebus is the tough one and the smart one not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Today the House votes on two crucial bills:‚òëÔ∏è ‚òëÔ∏è ‚òëÔ∏èPass these bills &amp; lets‚Ä¶ 
Today the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. 
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!‚Ä¶ 
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another or from one party to another ‚Äì but we are transferring...
Today we are thrilled to welcome CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ‚Äôs from Singapore back to the U.S.A..... 
Today we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler‚Äôs Rest... 
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. 
Today we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria VA. 
Today we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades an ever-growing maze of regs rules and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars millions of jobs countless American factories &amp; devastated entire industries. 
Today we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13 and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here: 
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God. 
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King‚Äôs legacy of justice and peace and his impact on uniting Americans. Proclamation: 
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.‚Ä¶ 
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. ‚Ä¶ 
Today we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger 31 years later. 
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!
Today we together won the Republican Nomination for President! 
Today we witnessed an incredible moment in history ‚Äì the presentation of Congress‚Äô highest civilian honor to our friend and true AMERICAN HERO Bob Dole. 
Today‚Äôs Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve. 
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
Today's third stop- Londonderry New Hampshire! Thank you! 
Together our task is to strengthen our families to build up our communities to serve our citizens and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world.... 
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!üá∫üá∏ 
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Together we can save American JOBS American LIVES and AMERICAN FUTURES! 
Together we dream of a Korea that is free a peninsula that is safe and families that are reunited once again! 
Together we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction with unity and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together we will defeat this .Full Opioid Summit: 
Together we will Make America Great Again!üá∫üá∏ 
Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN. !  Together we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp; GOD BLESS THE USAüá∫üá∏ 
Together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! 
Together we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel and many other gangs...'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown'
Tomorrow the House votes on &amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety‚Ä¶ 
Tomorrow the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation‚Äôs great farmers!
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! ‚Ä¶ 
Tonight Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the ‚Äì and wish them all a very 
Tonight I will be on with at 10pm and w/ at 10:10pm. Enjoy! 
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: 
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‚ÄòAll Tactics‚Äô No Vision: 
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' 
Top suspect in Paris massacre Salah Abdeslam who also knew of the Brussels attack is no longer talking. Weak leaders ridiculous laws!
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
Totally biased went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford G.M. Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch: 
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
Totally unauthorized do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. 
Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja Mexico to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S. for many years. Stay tuned!
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that for many years have not treated the United States fairly. In the end all will be happy!
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.üá∫üá∏
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs Jobs Jobs!
Tremendous pressure is building like never before for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you.
Tried watching low-rated this morning unwatchable! is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess!
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' 
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. ‚Ä¶ 
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION 
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%
Trump approval rebounds to 45% surges among Hispanics union homes men 
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' ‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'
Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America 
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
'Trump is right about violent crime: It‚Äôs on the rise in major cities'
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. .  Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: 
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'
Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so far
Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation 
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' 
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: 
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 
'Trump won the third debate'
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York. !  Tune in at 
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country. No leadership in NFL!
Two great people! 
Two policemen just shot in San Diego one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
U.S. COAL PRODUCTIONUpüìà7.8% past year. Downüìâ31.5% last 10 years. 
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' ‚û°Ô∏è
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on &amp; @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' 
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via @WSJ: 
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: 
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. 
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland Ohio.‚Ä¶ 
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne Florida w/ 15000 supporters- and an additional 12000 who could not get in. Tha‚Ä¶ 
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids Michigan now. Watch NH rally here:‚Ä¶ 
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage Long Island--- great to be home!
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! 
UNBELIEVABLE!Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: 
Unbelievable. 
Unbelievably James Comey states that Polls where Crooked Hillary was leading were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
Under a Trump administration it's called ! 
Under our potential deal with China they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%. Analysts predict economic boom for 2018! and 
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
Under Trump gains against have dramatically accelerated
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you and it will get even (much) better! 
Unemployment is down to 4.1% lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever up $5.4 trill
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning who should never have been released from prison is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters try getting a new publisher!
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton who wants to destroy all miners I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Unlike the other Republican candidates I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to how to deal with North Korea...and if there was it wouldn‚Äôt matter. The has called me wrong right from the beginning!
Unprecedented success for our Country in so many ways since the Election. Record Stock Market Strong on Military Crime Borders &amp; ISIS Judicial Strength &amp; Numbers Lowest Unemployment for Women &amp; ALL Massive Tax Cuts end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!TOMORROWFletcher NC 12pm. 
Uranium deal to Russia with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
URGENT: we‚Äôve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! 
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! 
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! 
Van Jones: ‚ÄòThere Is A Crack in the Blue Wall‚Äô ‚Äî It Has to Do With Trade: 
Vanity Fair which looks like it is on its last legs is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James‚Äôs &amp; a big fundraiser for CH is beside herself in grief &amp; begging for forgiveness!
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong it all came together in the last week and.....
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez a political prisoner &amp; husband of (just met w/ @marcorubio) o‚Ä¶ 
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize but not how to lead.
Very good meetings with North Korea.
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow and always for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
Very importantly will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can‚Äôt take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‚Äòsensitive information‚Äô" 
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin of Israel - in Davos Switzerland! 
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country! 
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes Crooked Hillary Clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry subject to State Law. Armed guards OK deterrent!.......
Very thankful for President Xi of China‚Äôs kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Very thankful for President Xi of China‚Äôs kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Via and Jason Greenblatt "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs. "  Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? 
Violent crime is rising across the United States yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity." So true!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!
VOTE on 11/8/16! 
VOTE TODAY! Go to 
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: 
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Wacko is a sad answer to the endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing crying lost soul!
Wacky &amp; totally unhinged Tom Steyer who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning never wins elections!
Wacky who hardly knows me makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women and they knew it. Apologize?
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you! 
wanting to sell their product cars A.C. units etc. back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult but.....
Was just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube‚Äôs HQ in San Bruno California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD and we will do it with American WORKERS American GRIT and American PRIDE! 
Watch on NOW! 
Watch now on Podesta and Russia!
Watch show you how easy it is to in Iowa! Video: 
Watch on tonight at 9:00 P.M.
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on with @FoxNews.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. It‚Äôs time to get tough! 
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
Watched low rated for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Watching biased Charles a flunky who didn't know that I won every debate in particular- the last one. Check polls!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team which has done and is doing such a good job in Texas is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate until I put him down.
Watching my beautiful wife Melania speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.‚Ä¶ 
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy is unwatchable.
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
Watching the 
Watching the returns at 9:45pm. üá∫üá∏ 
Way to go - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
We
We agree @POTUS-"SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
We are bringing back our factories we are bringing back our jobs and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA! 
We are building our future with American hands American labor American iron aluminum and steel. Happy ! 
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people! 
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter). 
We are getting it done - jobs and security! 
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put‚Ä¶ 
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: 
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined! 
We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which if it does happen will likely remain in Singapore on the same date June 12th. and if necessary will be extended beyond that date.
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficultmay have to terminate?
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love. 
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started. We love our VETS!
We are not in a trade war with China that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry it‚Äôs time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to Mitch McConnell and Chairman for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas! 
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
We are taking action to ! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support . ‚Ä¶ 
We are TRYING to fight ISIS and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! on November 8th!
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!Emergency Information 1-800-342-3557
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD! 
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon! 
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S. but.......
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT who could not stop Obama (twice) ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $'s in false ads!
We cannot let this evil continue! 
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that‚Äôs what you‚Äôll get if you vote for Hillary. 
We commend SG &amp; his call for the UN to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. .  We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal! 
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada a very good guy doesn‚Äôt like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating) but they do...they almost all do...and that‚Äôs how I know!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. Video: 
We finally agree on something Rosie. 
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
We grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students families teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School ‚Äì we are with you in this tragic hour and we will be with you forever... 
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now. 
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates...
We have just begun! 
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA which is under renegotiation right now has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp; jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp; fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also Canada must..
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty!
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit and more. Kim Young Chol the Vice Chairman of North Korea heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter thank you!
We have to repeal &amp; replace ! Look at what is doing to people! 
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
We launched a new series of videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch: 
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! 
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. 
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. ‚Ä¶ 
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. 
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER and we must have a great WALL to help protect us and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
We must keep "evil" out of our country!
We must not allow ISIS to return or enter our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON‚ÄôT HAVE STEEL YOU DON‚ÄôT HAVE A COUNTRY!
We must remember this truth: No matter our color creed religion or political party we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. 
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive comprehensive affordable system. 
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system. Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. 
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA GROW in AMERICA and HIRE in AMERICA! 
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America GROW in America and HIRE in Americaüá∫üá∏ 
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall there is no Deal!
We need to be smart vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
We need to fix our broken education system. !  deo: 
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games we must be smart tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat . Let's Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat . Let's Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat . Let's Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat . Let's Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat . Let's Make America Great Again! 
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: 
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. 
We pause today to remember the 2403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate and the time is now!
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the aboard th. e  d their families. 
We salute our great American flag we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. 
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks plus CNN and not including Fox is the most dishonest corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
We should start an immediate investigation into and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! 
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. 
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances and to form new partnerships. See more at:‚Ä¶ 
We want our companies to hire &amp; grow in AMERICA to raise wages for AMERICAN workers &amp; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities &amp; towns! üá∫üá∏ 
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... 
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return!
We will always ENFORCE our laws PROTECT our borders and SUPPORT our police! Pennsylvani. a  We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in‚Ä¶ 
We will bring America together as ONE country again ‚Äì united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. 
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
We will confront ANY challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I‚Äôm proud to stand with Presidents for .
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready willing and able. 
We will defend our country protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: 
We will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: 
We will fight the with you! 
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN! üá∫üá∏
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation. 
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific shooting.‚Ä¶ 
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! 
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one of you. God Bless America. 
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as makes landfall. America is w/ you! 
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as ! 
We will see what happens! 
We‚Äôve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! 
We‚Äôve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! 
Weak &amp; ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others? 
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! üá∫üá∏‚û°Ô∏è
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: 
Weekly Address- 
Weekly AddressJoin me here: 
Weekly Addressüá∫üá∏ : 
WEEKLY ADDRESSüá∫üá∏ 
WEEKLY ADDRESSüá∫üá∏ 
WEEKLY ADDRESSüá∫üá∏ 
Welcome back @SteveScalise! 
WELCOME HOME AYA!üá∫üá∏ 
WELCOME HOME JOSH! 
Welcome Prime Minister Abe! 
Welcome to the Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: 
Welcome to the Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau! 
Welcome to the United States Benjamin &amp; Sara!üá∫üá∏üáÆüá±Joint Press Conference: 
Well as predicted the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
Well Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
Well now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum but last night the big debate. Nice!
Well the New Year begins. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Well the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News all the money spent = 0
Well the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
Well we all did it together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! 
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!
We're going to use American steel we're going to use American labor we are going to come first in all deals. ‚û°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ 
WEST VIRGINIA TODAY! 
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond GDP at 3% wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! 
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
What a night! 10000 amazing supporters in Greenville South Carolina! THANK YOU!VOTE on Saturday! 
What a year it‚Äôs been and we're just getting started. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! 
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly and for years trying to come back. I said no.
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren‚Äôt they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling but for what reason? Not looking good!
What ever happened to the Server at the center of so much Corruption that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes &amp; offices early in the morning but were afraid to take the Server?
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'
What I would do on my first day in office. : 
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone even with bad intentions can come into U.S.?
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. 
What many people don‚Äôt understand or don‚Äôt want to understand is that Wayne Chris and the folks who work so hard at the are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What They Are Saying About @realDonaldTrump's GREAT Debate and @HillaryClinton's Bad Performance‚Ä¶ 
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE ‚ÄúDOMINATING‚Äù THE DEBATE:
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN‚ÄôS ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people.
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K. we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
When a car is sent to the United States from China there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade. No it sounds like STUPID TRADE - going on for years!
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with trade wars are good and easy to win. Example when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute don‚Äôt trade anymore-we win big. It‚Äôs easy!
When a country is no longer able to say who can and who cannot come in &amp; out especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!
When a country Taxes our products coming in at say 50% and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!
When Americans are free to thrive innovate &amp; prosper there is no challenge too great no task too large &amp; no goal beyond our reach. We are a nation of explorers pioneers innovators &amp; inventors. We are nation of people who work hard dream big &amp; who never ever give up... 
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine you can mark it down" I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
When I said that if within the Orlando club you had some people with guns I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed like Libya open borders and maybe her emails?
When it comes to the future of America‚Äôs energy needs we will FIND IT we will DREAM IT and we will BUILD IT.‚Ä¶ 
When James Clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13375. Today they are $18142. Thanks Obama.
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear I will get most of his votes - no problem!
When the American People speak ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago you spoke loud and clear. On November 8 2016 you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
When will give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea Syria Ukraine terrorism and Russia can greatly help!
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary‚Äôs plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
When will the 13 Angry Democrats (&amp; those who worked for President O) reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It‚Äôs been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems Justice FBI &amp; Russia?
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN. !  When you‚Äôre already $500 Billion DOWN you can‚Äôt lose!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media and they don't mention names....
Where are and @Raul_Labrador? 
Where are the 50000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok? Blaming Samsung!
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? Dishonest media! 
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
While Hillary profits off the rigged system I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: ‚Ä¶ 
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters and while many of her supporters will never vote for me I still respect them all!
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join in Nevada on Mon!Carson City: 
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
While I have never met of the NY Times I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil) word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio the lightweight from Florida
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch which I have not done in months and again realized how bad and FAKE it is. Loser!
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP I don‚Äôt like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn‚Äôt work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
While on FAKE NEWS Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day the TSA is falling apart just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating just showed that my rating on Dec. 28 2017 was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28 2009 which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage &amp; Russia hoax!
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
While under no obligation to do so I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars including 1million dollars from me for our VETERANS. Nice!
While Washington Michigan was a big success Washington D.C. just didn‚Äôt work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big boring bust...the so-called comedian really ‚Äúbombed.‚Äù should host next year! 
While we are on the subject it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that ‚Äúthe size of the company‚Äôs lobbying staff has ballooned‚Äù and that...
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ??? Enjoy!
Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? 
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" 
Who‚Äôs going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington D.C. with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
Why aren‚Äôt the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It‚Äôs a Rigged Witch Hunt that‚Äôs why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger stronger party!
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS!
Why did Clinton supporter declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
Why did the failing refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
Why didn‚Äôt President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn‚Äôt want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge not me and did nothing.
Why didn‚Äôt the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton many crimes much Collusion with Russia? Why didn‚Äôt the FBI take the Server from the DNC? Rigged Investigation!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Why does &amp; waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
Why does have a fired Bushy like dummy John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot she wants no part of Trump.
Why does devote so much time on her shows to me almost always negative? Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
Why does w/ allow a hater &amp; racist like to waste good airtime? can do much better than him!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Why does the media with a strong push from Crooked Hillary keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats some big Crooked Hillary supporters and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet there is NO COLLUSION!
Why doesn‚Äôt just endorse already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow!
Why doesn‚Äôt the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration‚Äôs Anti-Trust Division has been and is opposed to the AT&amp;T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of Uranium?
Why doesn't phony tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
Why doesn't the failing write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn‚Äôt the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES are never blamed by media? SAD!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at but my non-dealings are?
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem Flag and Country? Change tax law!
Why is the United States Post Office which is losing many billions of dollars a year while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? 
Why isn‚Äôt disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabe‚Äôs wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal policies that spread ISIS or calling millions of‚Ä¶ 
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead? 
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia Russian speech....
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome
'Why Trump' 
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)KY his 2nd choice!
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! 
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old" when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS VA Judges Strong Border 2nd A Tax Cuts &amp; more?
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who as a Senator never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk no action pol!
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. Time to !
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged? RIGGED! 
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp‚Äôs work with ‚ÄòVERY friendly and malleable reporters‚Äô 
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'
Will be another Sean success! 
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
Will be at venue in wonderful South Carolina very soon. Big traffic back-up tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:‚Ä¶ 
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before and we will. Need the WALL need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on at 8:10pm from Pensacola Florida.
Will be doing tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the Phillipines.
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M. Afghanistan Iraq USS Monterey Turkey &amp; Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters Florida.
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D‚ÄôSouza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
Will be going to Detroit Michigan (love) today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne Florida. A lot to talk about!
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders and many friends including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close. He loves Alabama and so do I!
Will be in Bangor Maine today at 3pm- join me! : 
Will be in Bangor Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! 
Will be in Cleveland Ohio w/ tonight- join us: 
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman Phyllis S!
Will be in Novi Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: 
Will be in Orlando Florida this afternoon. 25000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Will be in Phoenix Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! 
Will be in South Bend Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be in Terre Haute Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed by on - Enjoy!
Will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
Will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed by on at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed by on tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! 
Will be interviewed by tonight by phone- a late show first @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! 
Will be interviewed on by coming up at 6:00amE from Davos Switzerland. Enjoy! 
Will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on now!
Will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed on at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed on at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M.
Will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! 
Will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
Will be joining tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy! 
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to ! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety. Next week it will be with our Nation‚Äôs Governors. It‚Äôs been many years of all talk no action. We‚Äôll get it done!
Will be on 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected we will &amp; enforce our laws!
Will be on at @7:22. Enjoy!
Will be on with on at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! 
Will be on at 7:02 A.M. Enjoy.
Will be on now.
Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!
Will be on tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the . Tune in- she will do great! 
Will be on tonight at 10pm hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
Will be on Meet the Press with tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on at 10pmE from Austin Texas. Enjoy! 
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done but what a mistake in lives and dollars (6 trillion) to be there in the first place!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
Will go back on for a final question now!
will only get higher. Car companies and others if they want to do business in our country have to start making things here again. WIN!
Will soon be heading to Davos Switzerland to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if I win all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S. jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Wishing Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy 
Wishing all of those celebrating around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love. 
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween! 
WITCH HUNT!
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS 2018 is off to great start!‚úÖUnemployment rate at 4.1%.‚úÖAverage earnings up 2.9% in the last year.‚úÖ200000 new American jobs.‚úÖüá∫üá∏ 
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman‚Äôs Record) Regulation Cutting Judicial Appointments Building Military VA TAX CUTS &amp; REFORM Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special councel appointed!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special counsel appointed!
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office) with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information I have no idea...
With all that Congress has to work on do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog as unfair as it
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp; safety!
With Hillary and Obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
With Irma and Harvey devastation Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress go!
With Jemele Hill at the mike it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked" in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
With Luis Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
With one Yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out) we have the HCare Vote but not for Friday!
With only a very small majority the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct no votes!
With Spies or ‚ÄúInformants‚Äù as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it‚Äôs not) all over my campaign even from a very early date why didn‚Äôt the crooked highest levels of the FBI or ‚ÄúJustice‚Äù contact me to tell me of the phony Russia problem?
With that being said I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today‚Äôs vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
With the Law I signed today patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise... 
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing hit piece on me we have exposed the article as a fraud!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51. Can't get votes END NOW!
With the strategy that I announced today we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY: 
With ZERO Democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy the Republican Senators are working hard!
Without more Republicans in Congress we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally after many years of depletion take care of our Military. Sadly we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
without retribution or consequence is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
Wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
Wonderful coordination between Federal State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canadaüá®üá¶and th‚Ä¶ 
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks: üé•
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the now. 
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
Word is that Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at &amp; because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
Word is that crying left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Word is that despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman‚Äôs loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco his State Chairman &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it Russia the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class business &amp; JOBS
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
Working in Bedminster N.J. as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
WORKING TOGETHER we will defeat this &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. 
Worthless which dopey Mort Zuckerman is desperately trying to sell has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those nations Japan who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
Wow - Now experts are calling a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going and going well!
Wow - thank you Pensacola FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!
Wow got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Wow has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
Wow is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Wow is so negative. Their panel is a joke biased and very dumb. I'm turning to where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!
WOW ‚ÄúDossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.‚Äù And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
Wow just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
Wow is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad dishonest journalists! 
Wow circulation in NH has dropped from 75000 to around 10‚Äîbad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
Wow ‚ÄúFBI lawyer James Baker reassigned‚Äù according to @FoxNews.
Wow- 25000 in San Diego California!Thank you!! 
Wow 30000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
Wow big lines in Kansas.
Wow CNN had to retract big story on "Russia" with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Wow Corey Lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
Wow Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past which is terrible!
Wow did great in the debate polls (except for - which I don't watch). Thank you!
Wow did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Wow did you see how badly (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like who could expect any more?
Wow even I didn‚Äôt realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. 
Wow every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Wow FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
WOW great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! 
Wow great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points beating K!
Wow Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Wow I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page for that!
Wow I hear has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
Wow in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Wow interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!
Wow it is unbelievable how distorted one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is laughable!
Wow Jeb Bush whose campaign is a total disaster had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
Wow just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
Wow just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
Wow just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
Wow just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
Wow just won Missouri!
Wow Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania not enough signatures. Big problem!
Wow looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
Wow Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
Wow Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for ‚Äúinappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.‚Äù But when will the top executives at NBC &amp; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack‚Äôs past!
Wow more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! 
Wow my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out V.P. pick!
Wow NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
Wow new polls just came out fro. m  eat numbers especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
Wow new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
Wow now leading in /Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Wow President Obama just landed in Cuba a big deal and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Wow President Obama's brother Malik just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Wow reviews are in - THANK YOU!
Wow Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday was on saying Times lied
Wow Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!
Wow sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
Wow so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
Wow Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
Wow Ted Cruz got booed off the stage didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Wow television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Wow the is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"
Wow the failing has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
Wow the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
Wow the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine DJT. So much for....
Wow the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Wow the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Wow two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
Wow USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Wow watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked ‚Äúhave you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?‚Äù He said strongly ‚Äúnever no.‚Äù He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.
Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI ‚ÄúSPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.‚Äù Andrew McCarthy says ‚ÄúThere‚Äôs probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.‚Äù If so this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI ‚ÄúSPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.‚Äù Andrew McCarthy says ‚ÄúThere‚Äôs probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.‚Äù If so this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
WOW! 
Wow! I hear you Warren Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch: 
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a ‚Äúpaper trail‚Äù on a ‚Äúprivate‚Äù meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Wow! Thank you Louisville Kentucky! on 3/5/2016! Lets !
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. 
Wow! This might be my highest yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! 
Wow. Unbelievable. 
Wowthe Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House Mar-a-Lago three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.‚Ä¶ 
years as a pol in Connecticut Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Yes Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Yes it is true - Carlos Slim the great businessman from Mexico called me about getting together for a meeting. We met HE IS A GREAT GUY!
Yesterday I signed the (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States! 
Yesterday I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends in Utah‚Äôs MAGNIFICENT Capitol.It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
Yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers the Medal of Valor. 
Yesterday it was my great honor to welcome President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!üá∫üá∏üá≥üá¨ 
Yesterday on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine Pavlo‚Ä¶ 
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Yesterday was amazing‚Äî5 victories. Lyin‚Äô Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
Yesterday's failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed! 
Yet another terrorist attack this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father shot at by a Palestinian terrorist was killed while:
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: 
You are always there for us ‚Äì THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.Thank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all and GOD BLESS AMERICA! 
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. 
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! 
You can change your vote in six states. So now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at: 
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! 
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. 
You have until 8pm to Delaware! 
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION 
You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! 
ZTE the large Chinese phone company buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
üö®BREAKINGüö®: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents"



























































































































































































