1:1 Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timothy
our brother, unto the church of God which is at Corinth, with all the
saints which are in all Achaia: 1:2 Grace be to you and peace from God
our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:3 Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the
Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort; 1:4 Who comforteth us
in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are
in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of
God.

1:5 For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation
also aboundeth by Christ.

1:6 And whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and
salvation, which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings
which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for your
consolation and salvation.

1:7 And our hope of you is stedfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers
of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation.

1:8 For we would not, brethren, have you ignorant of our trouble which
came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above
strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life: 1:9 But we had the
sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves,
but in God which raiseth the dead: 1:10 Who delivered us from so great
a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver
us; 1:11 Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift
bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by
many on our behalf.

1:12 For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience, that
in simplicity and godly sincerity, not with fleshly wisdom, but by the
grace of God, we have had our conversation in the world, and more
abundantly to you-ward.

1:13 For we write none other things unto you, than what ye read or
acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end; 1:14 As
also ye have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing, even
as ye also are our's in the day of the Lord Jesus.

1:15 And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before, that
ye might have a second benefit; 1:16 And to pass by you into
Macedonia, and to come again out of Macedonia unto you, and of you to
be brought on my way toward Judaea.

1:17 When I therefore was thus minded, did I use lightness? or the
things that I purpose, do I purpose according to the flesh, that with
me there should be yea yea, and nay nay?  1:18 But as God is true, our
word toward you was not yea and nay.

1:19 For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by
us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yea and nay, but in
him was yea.

1:20 For all the promises of God in him are yea, and in him Amen, unto
the glory of God by us.

1:21 Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed
us, is God; 1:22 Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the
Spirit in our hearts.

1:23 Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you
I came not as yet unto Corinth.

1:24 Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of
your joy: for by faith ye stand.

2:1 But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to
you in heaviness.

2:2 For if I make you sorry, who is he then that maketh me glad, but
the same which is made sorry by me?  2:3 And I wrote this same unto
you, lest, when I came, I should have sorrow from them of whom I ought
to rejoice; having confidence in you all, that my joy is the joy of
you all.

2:4 For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you
with many tears; not that ye should be grieved, but that ye might know
the love which I have more abundantly unto you.

2:5 But if any have caused grief, he hath not grieved me, but in part:
that I may not overcharge you all.

2:6 Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted
of many.

2:7 So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort
him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch
sorrow.

2:8 Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love toward
him.

2:9 For to this end also did I write, that I might know the proof of
you, whether ye be obedient in all things.

2:10 To whom ye forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave
any thing, to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the
person of Christ; 2:11 Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for
we are not ignorant of his devices.

2:12 Furthermore, when I came to Troas to preach Christ's gospel, and
a door was opened unto me of the Lord, 2:13 I had no rest in my
spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but taking my leave of
them, I went from thence into Macedonia.

2:14 Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in
Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every
place.

2:15 For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are
saved, and in them that perish: 2:16 To the one we are the savour of
death unto death; and to the other the savour of life unto life. And
who is sufficient for these things?  2:17 For we are not as many,
which corrupt the word of God: but as of sincerity, but as of God, in
the sight of God speak we in Christ.

3:1 Do we begin again to commend ourselves? or need we, as some
others, epistles of commendation to you, or letters of commendation
from you?  3:2 Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and
read of all men: 3:3 Forasmuch as ye are manifestly declared to be the
epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the
Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables
of the heart.

3:4 And such trust have we through Christ to God-ward: 3:5 Not that we
are sufficient of ourselves to think any thing as of ourselves; but
our sufficiency is of God; 3:6 Who also hath made us able ministers of
the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the
letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.

3:7 But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones,
was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly
behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance; which glory
was to be done away: 3:8 How shall not the ministration of the spirit
be rather glorious?  3:9 For if the ministration of condemnation be
glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in
glory.

3:10 For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this
respect, by reason of the glory that excelleth.

3:11 For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which
remaineth is glorious.

3:12 Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of
speech: 3:13 And not as Moses, which put a vail over his face, that
the children of Israel could not stedfastly look to the end of that
which is abolished: 3:14 But their minds were blinded: for until this
day remaineth the same vail untaken away in the reading of the old
testament; which vail is done away in Christ.

3:15 But even unto this day, when Moses is read, the vail is upon
their heart.

3:16 Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord, the vail shall be
taken away.

3:17 Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is,
there is liberty.

3:18 But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of
the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as
by the Spirit of the LORD.

4:1 Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy,
we faint not; 4:2 But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty,
not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully;
but by manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man's
conscience in the sight of God.

4:3 But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost: 4:4 In
whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which
believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is
the image of God, should shine unto them.

4:5 For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord; and
ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake.

4:6 For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath
shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory
of God in the face of Jesus Christ.

4:7 But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency
of the power may be of God, and not of us.

4:8 We are troubled on every side, yet not distressed; we are
perplexed, but not in despair; 4:9 Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast
down, but not destroyed; 4:10 Always bearing about in the body the
dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made
manifest in our body.

4:11 For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus' sake,
that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal
flesh.

4:12 So then death worketh in us, but life in you.

4:13 We having the same spirit of faith, according as it is written, I
believed, and therefore have I spoken; we also believe, and therefore
speak; 4:14 Knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise
up us also by Jesus, and shall present us with you.

4:15 For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might
through the thanksgiving of many redound to the glory of God.

4:16 For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish,
yet the inward man is renewed day by day.

4:17 For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for
us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory; 4:18 While we
look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not
seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which
are not seen are eternal.

5:1 For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were
dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands,
eternal in the heavens.

5:2 For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with
our house which is from heaven: 5:3 If so be that being clothed we
shall not be found naked.

5:4 For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not
for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might
be swallowed up of life.

5:5 Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing is God, who
also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit.

5:6 Therefore we are always confident, knowing that, whilst we are at
home in the body, we are absent from the Lord: 5:7 (For we walk by
faith, not by sight:) 5:8 We are confident, I say, and willing rather
to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.

5:9 Wherefore we labour, that, whether present or absent, we may be
accepted of him.

5:10 For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that
every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that
he hath done, whether it be good or bad.

5:11 Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men; but we
are made manifest unto God; and I trust also are made manifest in your
consciences.

5:12 For we commend not ourselves again unto you, but give you
occasion to glory on our behalf, that ye may have somewhat to answer
them which glory in appearance, and not in heart.

5:13 For whether we be beside ourselves, it is to God: or whether we
be sober, it is for your cause.

5:14 For the love of Christ constraineth us; because we thus judge,
that if one died for all, then were all dead: 5:15 And that he died
for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto
themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again.

5:16 Wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh: yea, though
we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him
no more.

5:17 Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old
things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.

5:18 And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by
Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;
5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto
himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed
unto us the word of reconciliation.

5:20 Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech
you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God.

5:21 For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we
might be made the righteousness of God in him.

6:1 We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye
receive not the grace of God in vain.

6:2 (For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the
day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted
time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)  6:3 Giving no offence in
any thing, that the ministry be not blamed: 6:4 But in all things
approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in
afflictions, in necessities, in distresses, 6:5 In stripes, in
imprisonments, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings; 6:6
By pureness, by knowledge, by longsuffering, by kindness, by the Holy
Ghost, by love unfeigned, 6:7 By the word of truth, by the power of
God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,
6:8 By honour and dishonour, by evil report and good report: as
deceivers, and yet true; 6:9 As unknown, and yet well known; as dying,
and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed; 6:10 As sorrowful,
yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing,
and yet possessing all things.

6:11 O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is
enlarged.

6:12 Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own
bowels.

6:13 Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,)
be ye also enlarged.

6:14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what
fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion
hath light with darkness?  6:15 And what concord hath Christ with
Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?  6:16 And
what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the
temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and
walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.

6:17 Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the
Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you.

6:18 And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and
daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.

7:1 Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse
ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting
holiness in the fear of God.

7:2 Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we
have defrauded no man.

7:3 I speak not this to condemn you: for I have said before, that ye
are in our hearts to die and live with you.

7:4 Great is my boldness of speech toward you, great is my glorying of
you: I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our
tribulation.

7:5 For, when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but
we were troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were
fears.

7:6 Nevertheless God, that comforteth those that are cast down,
comforted us by the coming of Titus; 7:7 And not by his coming only,
but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told
us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me; so
that I rejoiced the more.

7:8 For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though
I did repent: for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you
sorry, though it were but for a season.

7:9 Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed
to repentance: for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye
might receive damage by us in nothing.

7:10 For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be
repented of: but the sorrow of the world worketh death.

7:11 For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly
sort, what carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of
yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement
desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge! In all things ye have
approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.

7:12 Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause
that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but
that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you.

7:13 Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly
the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was
refreshed by you all.

7:14 For if I have boasted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed;
but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting,
which I made before Titus, is found a truth.

7:15 And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he
remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye
received him.

7:16 I rejoice therefore that I have confidence in you in all things.

8:1 Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed
on the churches of Macedonia; 8:2 How that in a great trial of
affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded
unto the riches of their liberality.

8:3 For to their power, I bear record, yea, and beyond their power
they were willing of themselves; 8:4 Praying us with much intreaty
that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the
ministering to the saints.

8:5 And this they did, not as we hoped, but first gave their own
selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God.

8:6 Insomuch that we desired Titus, that as he had begun, so he would
also finish in you the same grace also.

8:7 Therefore, as ye abound in every thing, in faith, and utterance,
and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that
ye abound in this grace also.

8:8 I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of
others, and to prove the sincerity of your love.

8:9 For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he
was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his
poverty might be rich.

8:10 And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who
have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.

8:11 Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a
readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that
which ye have.

8:12 For if there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to
that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not.

8:13 For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened: 8:14 But
by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply
for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your
want: that there may be equality: 8:15 As it is written, He that had
gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no
lack.

8:16 But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the
heart of Titus for you.

8:17 For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward,
of his own accord he went unto you.

8:18 And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the
gospel throughout all the churches; 8:19 And not that only, but who
was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace,
which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and
declaration of your ready mind: 8:20 Avoiding this, that no man should
blame us in this abundance which is administered by us: 8:21 Providing
for honest things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the
sight of men.

8:22 And we have sent with them our brother, whom we have oftentimes
proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent, upon the
great confidence which I have in you.

8:23 Whether any do enquire of Titus, he is my partner and
fellowhelper concerning you: or our brethren be enquired of, they are
the messengers of the churches, and the glory of Christ.

8:24 Wherefore shew ye to them, and before the churches, the proof of
your love, and of our boasting on your behalf.

9:1 For as touching the ministering to the saints, it is superfluous
for me to write to you: 9:2 For I know the forwardness of your mind,
for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia, that Achaia was ready a
year ago; and your zeal hath provoked very many.

9:3 Yet have I sent the brethren, lest our boasting of you should be
in vain in this behalf; that, as I said, ye may be ready: 9:4 Lest
haply if they of Macedonia come with me, and find you unprepared, we
(that we say not, ye) should be ashamed in this same confident
boasting.

9:5 Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren, that they
would go before unto you, and make up beforehand your bounty, whereof
ye had notice before, that the same might be ready, as a matter of
bounty, and not as of covetousness.

9:6 But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also
sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also
bountifully.

9:7 Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give;
not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver.

9:8 And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye,
always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good
work: 9:9 (As it is written, He hath dispersed abroad; he hath given
to the poor: his righteousness remaineth for ever.

9:10 Now he that ministereth seed to the sower both minister bread for
your food, and multiply your seed sown, and increase the fruits of
your righteousness;) 9:11 Being enriched in every thing to all
bountifulness, which causeth through us thanksgiving to God.

9:12 For the administration of this service not only supplieth the
want of the saints, but is abundant also by many thanksgivings unto
God; 9:13 Whiles by the experiment of this ministration they glorify
God for your professed subjection unto the gospel of Christ, and for
your liberal distribution unto them, and unto all men; 9:14 And by
their prayer for you, which long after you for the exceeding grace of
God in you.

9:15 Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable gift.

10:1 Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of
Christ, who in presence am base among you, but being absent am bold
toward you: 10:2 But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am
present with that confidence, wherewith I think to be bold against
some, which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh.

10:3 For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:
10:4 (For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty
through God to the pulling down of strong holds;) 10:5 Casting down
imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the
knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the
obedience of Christ; 10:6 And having in a readiness to revenge all
disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled.

10:7 Do ye look on things after the outward appearance? If any man
trust to himself that he is Christ's, let him of himself think this
again, that, as he is Christ's, even so are we Christ's.

10:8 For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which
the Lord hath given us for edification, and not for your destruction,
I should not be ashamed: 10:9 That I may not seem as if I would
terrify you by letters.

10:10 For his letters, say they, are weighty and powerful; but his
bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible.

10:11 Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by
letters when we are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are
present.

10:12 For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare
ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring
themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among themselves,
are not wise.

10:13 But we will not boast of things without our measure, but
according to the measure of the rule which God hath distributed to us,
a measure to reach even unto you.

10:14 For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we
reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in
preaching the gospel of Christ: 10:15 Not boasting of things without
our measure, that is, of other men's labours; but having hope, when
your faith is increased, that we shall be enlarged by you according to
our rule abundantly, 10:16 To preach the gospel in the regions beyond
you, and not to boast in another man's line of things made ready to
our hand.

10:17 But he that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.

10:18 For not he that commendeth himself is approved, but whom the
Lord commendeth.

11:1 Would to God ye could bear with me a little in my folly: and
indeed bear with me.

11:2 For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have
espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin
to Christ.

11:3 But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve
through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the
simplicity that is in Christ.

11:4 For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not
preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received,
or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with
him.

11:5 For I suppose I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles.

11:6 But though I be rude in speech, yet not in knowledge; but we have
been throughly made manifest among you in all things.

11:7 Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be
exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely?
11:8 I robbed other churches, taking wages of them, to do you service.

11:9 And when I was present with you, and wanted, I was chargeable to
no man: for that which was lacking to me the brethren which came from
Macedonia supplied: and in all things I have kept myself from being
burdensome unto you, and so will I keep myself.

11:10 As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this
boasting in the regions of Achaia.

11:11 Wherefore? because I love you not? God knoweth.

11:12 But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from
them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be found
even as we.

11:13 For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming
themselves into the apostles of Christ.

11:14 And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of
light.

11:15 Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be
transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be
according to their works.

11:16 I say again, Let no man think me a fool; if otherwise, yet as a
fool receive me, that I may boast myself a little.

11:17 That which I speak, I speak it not after the Lord, but as it
were foolishly, in this confidence of boasting.

11:18 Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also.

11:19 For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise.

11:20 For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour
you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you
on the face.

11:21 I speak as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak.
Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold, (I speak foolishly,) I am bold
also.

11:22 Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are
they the seed of Abraham? so am I.

11:23 Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in
labours more abundant, in stripes above measure, in prisons more
frequent, in deaths oft.

11:24 Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one.

11:25 Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice I
suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep; 11:26
In journeyings often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in
perils by mine own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in
the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils
among false brethren; 11:27 In weariness and painfulness, in watchings
often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness.

11:28 Beside those things that are without, that which cometh upon me
daily, the care of all the churches.

11:29 Who is weak, and I am not weak? who is offended, and I burn not?
11:30 If I must needs glory, I will glory of the things which concern
mine infirmities.

11:31 The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is blessed
for evermore, knoweth that I lie not.

11:32 In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of
the Damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me: 11:33 And
through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall, and escaped
his hands.

12:1 It is not expedient for me doubtless to glory. I will come to
visions and revelations of the Lord.

12:2 I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the
body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God
knoweth;) such an one caught up to the third heaven.

12:3 And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body,
I cannot tell: God knoweth;) 12:4 How that he was caught up into
paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a
man to utter.

12:5 Of such an one will I glory: yet of myself I will not glory, but
in mine infirmities.

12:6 For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool; for I
will say the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me
above that which he seeth me to be, or that he heareth of me.

12:7 And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance
of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the
messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above
measure.

12:8 For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart
from me.

12:9 And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my
strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I
rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon
me.

12:10 Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in
necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake: for
when I am weak, then am I strong.

12:11 I am become a fool in glorying; ye have compelled me: for I
ought to have been commended of you: for in nothing am I behind the
very chiefest apostles, though I be nothing.

12:12 Truly the signs of an apostle were wrought among you in all
patience, in signs, and wonders, and mighty deeds.

12:13 For what is it wherein ye were inferior to other churches,
except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this
wrong.

12:14 Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not
be burdensome to you: for I seek not your's but you: for the children
ought not to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children.

12:15 And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the
more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved.

12:16 But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty,
I caught you with guile.

12:17 Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you?
12:18 I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a
gain of you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the
same steps?  12:19 Again, think ye that we excuse ourselves unto you?
we speak before God in Christ: but we do all things, dearly beloved,
for your edifying.

12:20 For I fear, lest, when I come, I shall not find you such as I
would, and that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not: lest
there be debates, envyings, wraths, strifes, backbitings, whisperings,
swellings, tumults: 12:21 And lest, when I come again, my God will
humble me among you, and that I shall bewail many which have sinned
already, and have not repented of the uncleanness and fornication and
lasciviousness which they have committed.

13:1 This is the third time I am coming to you. In the mouth of two or
three witnesses shall every word be established.

13:2 I told you before, and foretell you, as if I were present, the
second time; and being absent now I write to them which heretofore
have sinned, and to all other, that, if I come again, I will not
spare: 13:3 Since ye seek a proof of Christ speaking in me, which to
you-ward is not weak, but is mighty in you.

13:4 For though he was crucified through weakness, yet he liveth by
the power of God. For we also are weak in him, but we shall live with
him by the power of God toward you.

13:5 Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own
selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you,
except ye be reprobates?  13:6 But I trust that ye shall know that we
are not reprobates.

13:7 Now I pray to God that ye do no evil; not that we should appear
approved, but that ye should do that which is honest, though we be as
reprobates.

13:8 For we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth.

13:9 For we are glad, when we are weak, and ye are strong: and this
also we wish, even your perfection.

13:10 Therefore I write these things being absent, lest being present
I should use sharpness, according to the power which the Lord hath
given me to edification, and not to destruction.

13:11 Finally, brethren, farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be
of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be
with you.

13:12 Greet one another with an holy kiss.

13:13 All the saints salute you.

13:14 The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the
communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.




The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Galatians


1:1 Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus
Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead;) 1:2 And all
the brethren which are with me, unto the churches of Galatia: 1:3
Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus
Christ, 1:4 Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us
from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our
Father: 1:5 To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.

1:6 I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into
the grace of Christ unto another gospel: 1:7 Which is not another; but
there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of
Christ.

1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel
unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be
accursed.

1:9 As we said before, so say I now again, if any man preach any other
gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.

1:10 For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men?
for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.

1:11 But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached
of me is not after man.

1:12 For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by
the revelation of Jesus Christ.

1:13 For ye have heard of my conversation in time past in the Jews'
religion, how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God, and
wasted it: 1:14 And profited in the Jews' religion above many my
equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the
traditions of my fathers.

1:15 But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb,
and called me by his grace, 1:16 To reveal his Son in me, that I might
preach him among the heathen; immediately I conferred not with flesh
and blood: 1:17 Neither went I up to Jerusalem to them which were
apostles before me; but I went into Arabia, and returned again unto
Damascus.

1:18 Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and
abode with him fifteen days.

1:19 But other of the apostles saw I none, save James the Lord's
brother.

1:20 Now the things which I write unto you, behold, before God, I lie
not.

1:21 Afterwards I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia; 1:22 And
was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea which were in Christ:
1:23 But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times
past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed.

1:24 And they glorified God in me.

2:1 Then fourteen years after I went up again to Jerusalem with
Barnabas, and took Titus with me also.

2:2 And I went up by revelation, and communicated unto them that
gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but privately to them which
were of reputation, lest by any means I should run, or had run, in
vain.

2:3 But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled
to be circumcised: 2:4 And that because of false brethren unawares
brought in, who came in privily to spy out our liberty which we have
in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us into bondage: 2:5 To whom we
gave place by subjection, no, not for an hour; that the truth of the
gospel might continue with you.

2:6 But of these who seemed to be somewhat, (whatsoever they were, it
maketh no matter to me: God accepteth no man's person:) for they who
seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me: 2:7 But
contrariwise, when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was
committed unto me, as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter;
2:8 (For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of
the circumcision, the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles:) 2:9
And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived
the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the
right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and
they unto the circumcision.

2:10 Only they would that we should remember the poor; the same which
I also was forward to do.

2:11 But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face,
because he was to be blamed.

2:12 For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the
Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself,
fearing them which were of the circumcision.

2:13 And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that
Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation.

2:14 But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the
truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all, If thou, being
a Jew, livest after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews,
why compellest thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?  2:15 We who
are Jews by nature, and not sinners of the Gentiles, 2:16 Knowing that
a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of
Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be
justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for
by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.

2:17 But if, while we seek to be justified by Christ, we ourselves
also are found sinners, is therefore Christ the minister of sin? God
forbid.

2:18 For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself
a transgressor.

2:19 For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto
God.

2:20 I am crucified with Christ: neverthless I live; yet not I, but
Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live
by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.

2:21 I do not frustrate the grace of God: for if righteousness come by
the law, then Christ is dead in vain.

3:1 O foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you, that ye should not
obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set
forth, crucified among you?  3:2 This only would I learn of you,
Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of
faith?  3:3 Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now
made perfect by the flesh?  3:4 Have ye suffered so many things in
vain? if it be yet in vain.

3:5 He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit, and worketh
miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the
hearing of faith?  3:6 Even as Abraham believed God, and it was
accounted to him for righteousness.

3:7 Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the
children of Abraham.

3:8 And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen
through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In
thee shall all nations be blessed.

3:9 So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham.

3:10 For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse:
for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all
things which are written in the book of the law to do them.

3:11 But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it
is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.

3:12 And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall
live in them.

3:13 Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a
curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a
tree: 3:14 That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles
through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit
through faith.

3:15 Brethren, I speak after the manner of men; Though it be but a
man's covenant, yet if it be confirmed, no man disannulleth, or addeth
thereto.

3:16 Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not,
And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is
Christ.

3:17 And this I say, that the covenant, that was confirmed before of
God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after,
cannot disannul, that it should make the promise of none effect.

3:18 For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more of promise:
but God gave it to Abraham by promise.

3:19 Wherefore then serveth the law? It was added because of
transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the promise was
made; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator.

3:20 Now a mediator is not a mediator of one, but God is one.

3:21 Is the law then against the promises of God? God forbid: for if
there had been a law given which could have given life, verily
righteousness should have been by the law.

3:22 But the scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the promise
by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe.

3:23 But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up unto
the faith which should afterwards be revealed.

3:24 Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ,
that we might be justified by faith.

3:25 But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a
schoolmaster.

3:26 For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.

3:27 For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on
Christ.

3:28 There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free,
there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus.

3:29 And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs
according to the promise.

4:1 Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth
nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all; 4:2 But is under
tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father.

4:3 Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the
elements of the world: 4:4 But when the fulness of the time was come,
God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law, 4:5 To
redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the
adoption of sons.

4:6 And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of his Son
into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father.

4:7 Wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son; and if a son,
then an heir of God through Christ.

4:8 Howbeit then, when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them which
by nature are no gods.

4:9 But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God,
how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye
desire again to be in bondage?  4:10 Ye observe days, and months, and
times, and years.

4:11 I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain.

4:12 Brethren, I beseech you, be as I am; for I am as ye are: ye have
not injured me at all.

4:13 Ye know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel
unto you at the first.

4:14 And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor
rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus.

4:15 Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for I bear you record,
that, if it had been possible, ye would have plucked out your own
eyes, and have given them to me.

4:16 Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?
4:17 They zealously affect you, but not well; yea, they would exclude
you, that ye might affect them.

4:18 But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing,
and not only when I am present with you.

4:19 My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ
be formed in you, 4:20 I desire to be present with you now, and to
change my voice; for I stand in doubt of you.

4:21 Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the
law?  4:22 For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a
bondmaid, the other by a freewoman.

4:23 But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he
of the freewoman was by promise.

4:24 Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants;
the one from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is
Agar.

4:25 For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to
Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children.

4:26 But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us
all.

4:27 For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break
forth and cry, thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath many
more children than she which hath an husband.

4:28 Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise.

4:29 But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that
was born after the Spirit, even so it is now.

4:30 Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and
her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son
of the freewoman.

4:31 So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of
the free.

5:1 Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us
free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.

5:2 Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ
shall profit you nothing.

5:3 For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a
debtor to do the whole law.

5:4 Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are
justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace.

5:5 For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by
faith.

5:6 For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor
uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love.

5:7 Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the
truth?  5:8 This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.

5:9 A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump.

5:10 I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none
otherwise minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment,
whosoever he be.

5:11 And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet
suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased.

5:12 I would they were even cut off which trouble you.

5:13 For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not
liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another.

5:14 For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou
shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

5:15 But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not
consumed one of another.

5:16 This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the
lust of the flesh.

5:17 For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against
the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye
cannot do the things that ye would.

5:18 But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law.

5:19 Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these;
Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, 5:20 Idolatry,
witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions,
heresies, 5:21 Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such
like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time
past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of
God.

5:22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering,
gentleness, goodness, faith, 5:23 Meekness, temperance: against such
there is no law.

5:24 And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the
affections and lusts.

5:25 If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.

5:26 Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another,
envying one another.

6:1 Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are
spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering
thyself, lest thou also be tempted.

6:2 Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ.

6:3 For if a man think himself to be something, when he is nothing, he
deceiveth himself.

6:4 But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he have
rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another.

6:5 For every man shall bear his own burden.

6:6 Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that
teacheth in all good things.

6:7 Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth,
that shall he also reap.

6:8 For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap
corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap
life everlasting.

6:9 And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall
reap, if we faint not.

6:10 As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men,
especially unto them who are of the household of faith.

6:11 Ye see how large a letter I have written unto you with mine own
hand.

6:12 As many as desire to make a fair shew in the flesh, they
constrain you to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer
persecution for the cross of Christ.

6:13 For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but
desire to have you circumcised, that they may glory in your flesh.

6:14 But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord
Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the
world.

6:15 For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor
uncircumcision, but a new creature.

6:16 And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and
mercy, and upon the Israel of God.

6:17 From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the
marks of the Lord Jesus.

6:18 Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit.

Amen.




The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Ephesians


1:1 Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the
saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus:
1:2 Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord
Jesus Christ.

1:3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath
blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:
1:4 According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the
world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:
1:5 Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus
Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, 1:6 To
the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted
in the beloved.

1:7 In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of
sins, according to the riches of his grace; 1:8 Wherein he hath
abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence; 1:9 Having made known
unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which
he hath purposed in himself: 1:10 That in the dispensation of the
fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ,
both which are in heaven, and which are on earth; even in him: 1:11 In
whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated
according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the
counsel of his own will: 1:12 That we should be to the praise of his
glory, who first trusted in Christ.

1:13 In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth,
the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye
were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise, 1:14 Which is the
earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased
possession, unto the praise of his glory.

1:15 Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus,
and love unto all the saints, 1:16 Cease not to give thanks for you,
making mention of you in my prayers; 1:17 That the God of our Lord
Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of
wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him: 1:18 The eyes of your
understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of
his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in
the saints, 1:19 And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to
us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,
1:20 Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and
set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places, 1:21 Far above
all principality, and power, and might, and dominion, and every name
that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to
come: 1:22 And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be
the head over all things to the church, 1:23 Which is his body, the
fulness of him that filleth all in all.

2:1 And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins;
2:2 Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this
world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit
that now worketh in the children of disobedience: 2:3 Among whom also
we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh,
fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by
nature the children of wrath, even as others.

2:4 But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he
loved us, 2:5 Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us
together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;) 2:6 And hath raised us
up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ
Jesus: 2:7 That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches
of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus.

2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of
yourselves: it is the gift of God: 2:9 Not of works, lest any man
should boast.

2:10 For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good
works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.

2:11 Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the
flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the
Circumcision in the flesh made by hands; 2:12 That at that time ye
were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and
strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without
God in the world: 2:13 But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were
far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ.

2:14 For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down
the middle wall of partition between us; 2:15 Having abolished in his
flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in
ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making
peace; 2:16 And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by
the cross, having slain the enmity thereby: 2:17 And came and preached
peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.

2:18 For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the
Father.

2:19 Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but
fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God; 2:20 And
are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus
Christ himself being the chief corner stone; 2:21 In whom all the
building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the
Lord: 2:22 In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of
God through the Spirit.

3:1 For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you
Gentiles, 3:2 If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God
which is given me to you-ward: 3:3 How that by revelation he made
known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote afore in few words, 3:4
Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery
of Christ) 3:5 Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of
men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the
Spirit; 3:6 That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs, and of the same
body, and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel: 3:7
Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of
God given unto me by the effectual working of his power.

3:8 Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace
given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches
of Christ; 3:9 And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the
mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God,
who created all things by Jesus Christ: 3:10 To the intent that now
unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known
by the church the manifold wisdom of God, 3:11 According to the
eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord: 3:12 In
whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him.

3:13 Wherefore I desire that ye faint not at my tribulations for you,
which is your glory.

3:14 For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus
Christ, 3:15 Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named,
3:16 That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to
be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man; 3:17 That
Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and
grounded in love, 3:18 May be able to comprehend with all saints what
is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height; 3:19 And to know
the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled
with all the fulness of God.

3:20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all
that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us, 3:21
Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages,
world without end. Amen.

4:1 I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk
worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called, 4:2 With all lowliness
and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love; 4:3
Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

4:4 There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one
hope of your calling; 4:5 One Lord, one faith, one baptism, 4:6 One
God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you
all.

4:7 But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure
of the gift of Christ.

4:8 Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity
captive, and gave gifts unto men.

4:9 (Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first
into the lower parts of the earth?  4:10 He that descended is the same
also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all
things.)  4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and
some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers; 4:12 For the
perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the
edifying of the body of Christ: 4:13 Till we all come in the unity of
the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man,
unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ: 4:14 That we
henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about
with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning
craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive; 4:15 But speaking the
truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head,
even Christ: 4:16 From whom the whole body fitly joined together and
compacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the
effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the
body unto the edifying of itself in love.

4:17 This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth
walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind, 4:18
Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of
God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of
their heart: 4:19 Who being past feeling have given themselves over
unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness.

4:20 But ye have not so learned Christ; 4:21 If so be that ye have
heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus: 4:22
That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which
is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts; 4:23 And be renewed in
the spirit of your mind; 4:24 And that ye put on the new man, which
after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.

4:25 Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his
neighbour: for we are members one of another.

4:26 Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your
wrath: 4:27 Neither give place to the devil.

4:28 Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour,
working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to
give to him that needeth.

4:29 Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that
which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto
the hearers.

4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto
the day of redemption.

4:31 Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil
speaking, be put away from you, with all malice: 4:32 And be ye kind
one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for
Christ's sake hath forgiven you.

5:1 Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children; 5:2 And walk
in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us
an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.

5:3 But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not
be once named among you, as becometh saints; 5:4 Neither filthiness,
nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather
giving of thanks.

5:5 For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor
covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom
of Christ and of God.

5:6 Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these
things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.

5:7 Be not ye therefore partakers with them.

5:8 For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord:
walk as children of light: 5:9 (For the fruit of the Spirit is in all
goodness and righteousness and truth;) 5:10 Proving what is acceptable
unto the Lord.

5:11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but
rather reprove them.

5:12 For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of
them in secret.

5:13 But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light:
for whatsoever doth make manifest is light.

5:14 Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the
dead, and Christ shall give thee light.

5:15 See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,
5:16 Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.

5:17 Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of
the Lord is.

5:18 And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with
the Spirit; 5:19 Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and
spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;
5:20 Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in
the name of our Lord Jesus Christ; 5:21 Submitting yourselves one to
another in the fear of God.

5:22 Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the
Lord.

5:23 For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the
head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body.

5:24 Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives
be to their own husbands in every thing.

5:25 Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church,
and gave himself for it; 5:26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it
with the washing of water by the word, 5:27 That he might present it
to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such
thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.

5:28 So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that
loveth his wife loveth himself.

5:29 For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and
cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church: 5:30 For we are members of
his body, of his flesh, and of his bones.

5:31 For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall
be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.

5:32 This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the
church.

5:33 Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife
even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband.

6:1 Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right.

6:2 Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with
promise; 6:3 That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long
on the earth.

6:4 And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring
them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.

6:5 Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to
the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as
unto Christ; 6:6 Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the
servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart; 6:7 With
good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men: 6:8 Knowing
that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of
the Lord, whether he be bond or free.

6:9 And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing
threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is
there respect of persons with him.

6:10 Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of
his might.

6:11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand
against the wiles of the devil.

6:12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against
principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of
this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.

6:13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be
able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.

6:14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and
having on the breastplate of righteousness; 6:15 And your feet shod
with the preparation of the gospel of peace; 6:16 Above all, taking
the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the
fiery darts of the wicked.

6:17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit,
which is the word of God: 6:18 Praying always with all prayer and
supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all
perseverance and supplication for all saints; 6:19 And for me, that
utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to
make known the mystery of the gospel, 6:20 For which I am an
ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as I ought to
speak.

6:21 But that ye also may know my affairs, and how I do, Tychicus, a
beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord, shall make known to
you all things: 6:22 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose,
that ye might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts.

6:23 Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the
Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.

6:24 Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in
sincerity.

Amen.




The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Philippians


1:1 Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the
saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and
deacons: 1:2 Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and
from the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:3 I thank my God upon every remembrance of you, 1:4 Always in every
prayer of mine for you all making request with joy, 1:5 For your
fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now; 1:6 Being
confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in
you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ: 1:7 Even as it is
meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart;
inasmuch as both in my bonds, and in the defence and confirmation of
the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace.

1:8 For God is my record, how greatly I long after you all in the
bowels of Jesus Christ.

1:9 And this I pray, that your love may abound yet more and more in
knowledge and in all judgment; 1:10 That ye may approve things that
are excellent; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the day
of Christ.

1:11 Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus
Christ, unto the glory and praise of God.

1:12 But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which
happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the
gospel; 1:13 So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the
palace, and in all other places; 1:14 And many of the brethren in the
Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold to speak the
word without fear.

1:15 Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife; and some also
of good will: 1:16 The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely,
supposing to add affliction to my bonds: 1:17 But the other of love,
knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel.

1:18 What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or in
truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yea, and will
rejoice.

1:19 For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your
prayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ, 1:20 According
to my earnest expectation and my hope, that in nothing I shall be
ashamed, but that with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ
shall be magnified in my body, whether it be by life, or by death.

1:21 For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.

1:22 But if I live in the flesh, this is the fruit of my labour: yet
what I shall choose I wot not.

1:23 For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and
to be with Christ; which is far better: 1:24 Nevertheless to abide in
the flesh is more needful for you.

1:25 And having this confidence, I know that I shall abide and
continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith; 1:26 That
your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my
coming to you again.

1:27 Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of
Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear
of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind
striving together for the faith of the gospel; 1:28 And in nothing
terrified by your adversaries: which is to them an evident token of
perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God.

1:29 For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to
believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake; 1:30 Having the same
conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me.

2:1 If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of
love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies, 2:2
Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being
of one accord, of one mind.

2:3 Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness
of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.

2:4 Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the
things of others.

2:5 Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus: 2:6 Who,
being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:
2:7 But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a
servant, and was made in the likeness of men: 2:8 And being found in
fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death,
even the death of the cross.

2:9 Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name
which is above every name: 2:10 That at the name of Jesus every knee
should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under
the earth; 2:11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ
is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

2:12 Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my
presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own
salvation with fear and trembling.

2:13 For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his
good pleasure.

2:14 Do all things without murmurings and disputings: 2:15 That ye may
be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the
midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights
in the world; 2:16 Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice
in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in
vain.

2:17 Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your
faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all.

2:18 For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me.

2:19 But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you,
that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state.

2:20 For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your
state.

2:21 For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's.

2:22 But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he
hath served with me in the gospel.

2:23 Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see
how it will go with me.

2:24 But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly.

2:25 Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my
brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your
messenger, and he that ministered to my wants.

2:26 For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because
that ye had heard that he had been sick.

2:27 For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him;
and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon
sorrow.

2:28 I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him
again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.

2:29 Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold
such in reputation: 2:30 Because for the work of Christ he was nigh
unto death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service
toward me.

3:1 Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same
things to you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for you it is safe.

3:2 Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the concision.

3:3 For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and
rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh.

3:4 Though I might also have confidence in the flesh. If any other man
thinketh that he hath whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more: 3:5
Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of
Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;
3:6 Concerning zeal, persecuting the church; touching the
righteousness which is in the law, blameless.

3:7 But what things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ.

3:8 Yea doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency
of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have suffered the
loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ,
3:9 And be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is
of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the
righteousness which is of God by faith: 3:10 That I may know him, and
the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings,
being made conformable unto his death; 3:11 If by any means I might
attain unto the resurrection of the dead.

3:12 Not as though I had already attained, either were already
perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which
also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus.

3:13 Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one
thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching
forth unto those things which are before, 3:14 I press toward the mark
for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.

3:15 Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if
in any thing ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto
you.

3:16 Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by
the same rule, let us mind the same thing.

3:17 Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk
so as ye have us for an ensample.

3:18 (For many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you
even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ: 3:19
Whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is
in their shame, who mind earthly things.)  3:20 For our conversation
is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus
Christ: 3:21 Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned
like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is
able even to subdue all things unto himself.

4:1 Therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and
crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved.

4:2 I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same
mind in the Lord.

4:3 And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which
laboured with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my
fellowlabourers, whose names are in the book of life.

4:4 Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.

4:5 Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.

4:6 Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and
supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto
God.

4:7 And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep
your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.

4:8 Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things
are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure,
whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if
there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these
things.

4:9 Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard,
and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you.

4:10 But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly, that now at the last your
care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful, but ye
lacked opportunity.

4:11 Not that I speak in respect of want: for I have learned, in
whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content.

4:12 I know both how to be abased, and I know how to abound: every
where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be
hungry, both to abound and to suffer need.

4:13 I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.

4:14 Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with
my affliction.

4:15 Now ye Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the
gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me
as concerning giving and receiving, but ye only.

4:16 For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my
necessity.

4:17 Not because I desire a gift: but I desire fruit that may abound
to your account.

4:18 But I have all, and abound: I am full, having received of
Epaphroditus the things which were sent from you, an odour of a sweet
smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God.

4:19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in
glory by Christ Jesus.

4:20 Now unto God and our Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen.

4:21 Salute every saint in Christ Jesus. The brethren which are with
me greet you.

4:22 All the saints salute you, chiefly they that are of Caesar's
household.

4:23 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.




The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Colossians


1:1  Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God,
and Timotheus our brother, 1:2  To the saints and faithful brethren
in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace,
from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:3  We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying
always for you,
1:4  Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye
have to all the saints,
1:5  For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof ye heard
before in the word of the truth of the gospel;
1:6  Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth
fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the
grace of God in truth:
1:7  As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you
a faithful minister of Christ;
1:8  Who also declared unto us your love in the Spirit.

1:9  For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to
pray for you, and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his
will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;
1:10  That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being
fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;
1:11  Strengthened with all might, according to his glorious power, unto
all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness;
1:12  Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be
partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light:
1:13  Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated
us into the kingdom of his dear Son:
1:14  In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of
sins:
1:15  Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every
creature:
1:16  For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are
in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or
principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:
1:17  And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.

1:18  And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the
firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence.

1:19  For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell;
1:20  And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to
reconcile all things unto himself; by him, I say, whether they be things in
earth, or things in heaven.

1:21  And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by
wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled
1:22  In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and
unblameable and unreproveable in his sight:
1:23  If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved
away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached
to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;
1:24  Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is
behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is
the church:
1:25  Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God
which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God;
1:26  Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations,
but now is made manifest to his saints:
1:27  To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this
mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory:
1:28  Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all
wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus:
1:29  Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which
worketh in me mightily.

2:1  For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, and for
them at Laodicea, and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh;
2:2  That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and
unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding, to the
acknowledgement of the mystery of God, and of the Father, and of Christ;
2:3  In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.

2:4  And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words.

2:5  For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the spirit,
joying and beholding your order, and the stedfastness of your faith in
Christ.

2:6  As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in
him:
2:7  Rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith, as ye have
been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving.

2:8  Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit,
after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after
Christ.

2:9  For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

2:10  And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and
power:
2:11  In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without
hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision
of Christ:
2:12  Buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him
through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the dead.

2:13  And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your
flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all
trespasses;
2:14  Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which
was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross;
2:15  And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them
openly, triumphing over them in it.

2:16  Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of
an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days:
2:17  Which are a shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ.

2:18  Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and
worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which he hath not seen,
vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind,
2:19  And not holding the Head, from which all the body by joints and bands
having nourishment ministered, and knit together, increaseth with the
increase of God.

2:20  Wherefore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world,
why, as though living in the world, are ye subject to ordinances,
2:21  (Touch not; taste not; handle not;
2:22  Which all are to perish with the using;) after the commandments and
doctrines of men?
2:23  Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship, and
humility, and neglecting of the body: not in any honour to the satisfying
of the flesh.

3:1  If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above,
where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God.

3:2  Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.

3:3  For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.

3:4  When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear
with him in glory.

3:5  Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication,
uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness,
which is idolatry:
3:6  For which things' sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of
disobedience:
3:7  In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived in them.

3:8  But now ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy,
filthy communication out of your mouth.

3:9  Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with
his deeds;
3:10  And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after the
image of him that created him:
3:11  Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor
uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in
all.

3:12  Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of
mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;
3:13  Forbearing one another, and forgiving one another, if any man have a
quarrel against any: even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye.

3:14  And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of
perfectness.

3:15  And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye
are called in one body; and be ye thankful.

3:16  Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching
and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing
with grace in your hearts to the Lord.

3:17  And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord
Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him.

3:18  Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as it is fit in the
Lord.

3:19  Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them.

3:20  Children, obey your parents in all things: for this is well pleasing
unto the Lord.

3:21  Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be
discouraged.

3:22  Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not
with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God;
3:23  And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto
men;
3:24  Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the
inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.

3:25  But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath
done: and there is no respect of persons.

4:1  Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal; knowing
that ye also have a Master in heaven.

4:2  Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving;
4:3  Withal praying also for us, that God would open unto us a door of
utterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds:
4:4  That I may make it manifest, as I ought to speak.

4:5  Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.

4:6  Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may
know how ye ought to answer every man.

4:7  All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved
brother, and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord:
4:8  Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know
your estate, and comfort your hearts;
4:9  With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They
shall make known unto you all things which are done here.

4:10  Aristarchus my fellowprisoner saluteth you, and Marcus, sister's son
to Barnabas, (touching whom ye received commandments: if he come unto you,
receive him;)
4:11  And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These
only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort
unto me.

4:12  Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, saluteth you,
always labouring fervently for you in prayers, that ye may stand perfect and
complete in all the will of God.

4:13  For I bear him record, that he hath a great zeal for you, and them
that are in Laodicea, and them in Hierapolis.

4:14  Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas, greet you.

4:15  Salute the brethren which are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the
church which is in his house.

4:16  And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also
in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from
Laodicea.

4:17  And say to Archippus, Take heed to the ministry which thou hast
received in the Lord, that thou fulfil it.

4:18  The salutation by the hand of me Paul. Remember my bonds. Grace be
with you. Amen.




The First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Thessalonians


1:1 Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the
Thessalonians which is in God the Father and in the Lord Jesus Christ:
Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus
Christ.

1:2 We give thanks to God always for you all, making mention of you in
our prayers; 1:3 Remembering without ceasing your work of faith, and
labour of love, and patience of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ, in the
sight of God and our Father; 1:4 Knowing, brethren beloved, your
election of God.

1:5 For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power,
and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as ye know what manner
of men we were among you for your sake.

1:6 And ye became followers of us, and of the Lord, having received
the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Ghost.

1:7 So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and
Achaia.

1:8 For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in
Macedonia and Achaia, but also in every place your faith to God-ward
is spread abroad; so that we need not to speak any thing.

1:9 For they themselves shew of us what manner of entering in we had
unto you, and how ye turned to God from idols to serve the living and
true God; 1:10 And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised
from the dead, even Jesus, which delivered us from the wrath to come.

2:1 For yourselves, brethren, know our entrance in unto you, that it
was not in vain: 2:2 But even after that we had suffered before, and
were shamefully entreated, as ye know, at Philippi, we were bold in
our God to speak unto you the gospel of God with much contention.

2:3 For our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of uncleanness, nor in
guile: 2:4 But as we were allowed of God to be put in trust with the
gospel, even so we speak; not as pleasing men, but God, which trieth
our hearts.

2:5 For neither at any time used we flattering words, as ye know, nor
a cloke of covetousness; God is witness: 2:6 Nor of men sought we
glory, neither of you, nor yet of others, when we might have been
burdensome, as the apostles of Christ.

2:7 But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her
children: 2:8 So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing
to have imparted unto you, not the gospel of God only, but also our
own souls, because ye were dear unto us.

2:9 For ye remember, brethren, our labour and travail: for labouring
night and day, because we would not be chargeable unto any of you, we
preached unto you the gospel of God.

2:10 Ye are witnesses, and God also, how holily and justly and
unblameably we behaved ourselves among you that believe: 2:11 As ye
know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a
father doth his children, 2:12 That ye would walk worthy of God, who
hath called you unto his kingdom and glory.

2:13 For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when
ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not
as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which
effectually worketh also in you that believe.

2:14 For ye, brethren, became followers of the churches of God which
in Judaea are in Christ Jesus: for ye also have suffered like things
of your own countrymen, even as they have of the Jews: 2:15 Who both
killed the Lord Jesus, and their own prophets, and have persecuted us;
and they please not God, and are contrary to all men: 2:16 Forbidding
us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their
sins alway: for the wrath is come upon them to the uttermost.

2:17 But we, brethren, being taken from you for a short time in
presence, not in heart, endeavoured the more abundantly to see your
face with great desire.

2:18 Wherefore we would have come unto you, even I Paul, once and
again; but Satan hindered us.

2:19 For what is our hope, or joy, or crown of rejoicing? Are not even
ye in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming?  2:20 For
ye are our glory and joy.

3:1 Wherefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to
be left at Athens alone; 3:2 And sent Timotheus, our brother, and
minister of God, and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ, to
establish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith: 3:3 That no
man should be moved by these afflictions: for yourselves know that we
are appointed thereunto.

3:4 For verily, when we were with you, we told you before that we
should suffer tribulation; even as it came to pass, and ye know.

3:5 For this cause, when I could no longer forbear, I sent to know
your faith, lest by some means the tempter have tempted you, and our
labour be in vain.

3:6 But now when Timotheus came from you unto us, and brought us good
tidings of your faith and charity, and that ye have good remembrance
of us always, desiring greatly to see us, as we also to see you: 3:7
Therefore, brethren, we were comforted over you in all our affliction
and distress by your faith: 3:8 For now we live, if ye stand fast in
the Lord.

3:9 For what thanks can we render to God again for you, for all the
joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God; 3:10 Night and day
praying exceedingly that we might see your face, and might perfect
that which is lacking in your faith?  3:11 Now God himself and our
Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, direct our way unto you.

3:12 And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward
another, and toward all men, even as we do toward you: 3:13 To the end
he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even
our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his
saints.

4:1 Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the
Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to
please God, so ye would abound more and more.

4:2 For ye know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus.

4:3 For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that ye
should abstain from fornication: 4:4 That every one of you should know
how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour; 4:5 Not in the
lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God: 4:6
That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter: because
that the Lord is the avenger of all such, as we also have forewarned
you and testified.

4:7 For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto holiness.

4:8 He therefore that despiseth, despiseth not man, but God, who hath
also given unto us his holy Spirit.

4:9 But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you:
for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another.

4:10 And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all
Macedonia: but we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and
more; 4:11 And that ye study to be quiet, and to do your own business,
and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you; 4:12 That ye may
walk honestly toward them that are without, and that ye may have lack
of nothing.

4:13 But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning
them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have
no hope.

4:14 For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them
also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.

4:15 For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which
are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent
them which are asleep.

4:16 For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with
the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in
Christ shall rise first: 4:17 Then we which are alive and remain shall
be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the
air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.

4:18 Wherefore comfort one another with these words.

5:1 But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I
write unto you.

5:2 For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh
as a thief in the night.

5:3 For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction
cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall
not escape.

5:4 But ye, brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should
overtake you as a thief.

5:5 Ye are all the children of light, and the children of the day: we
are not of the night, nor of darkness.

5:6 Therefore let us not sleep, as do others; but let us watch and be
sober.

5:7 For they that sleep sleep in the night; and they that be drunken
are drunken in the night.

5:8 But let us, who are of the day, be sober, putting on the
breastplate of faith and love; and for an helmet, the hope of
salvation.

5:9 For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by
our Lord Jesus Christ, 5:10 Who died for us, that, whether we wake or
sleep, we should live together with him.

5:11 Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify one another,
even as also ye do.

5:12 And we beseech you, brethren, to know them which labour among
you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you; 5:13 And to
esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake. And be at peace
among yourselves.

5:14 Now we exhort you, brethren, warn them that are unruly, comfort
the feebleminded, support the weak, be patient toward all men.

5:15 See that none render evil for evil unto any man; but ever follow
that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men.

5:16 Rejoice evermore.

5:17 Pray without ceasing.

5:18 In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ
Jesus concerning you.

5:19 Quench not the Spirit.

5:20 Despise not prophesyings.

5:21 Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.

5:22 Abstain from all appearance of evil.

5:23 And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God
your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the
coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.

5:24 Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it.

5:25 Brethren, pray for us.

5:26 Greet all the brethren with an holy kiss.

5:27 I charge you by the Lord that this epistle be read unto all the
holy brethren.

5:28 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.




The Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Thessalonians


1:1 Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the
Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ: 1:2 Grace
unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.

1:3 We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is meet,
because that your faith groweth exceedingly, and the charity of every
one of you all toward each other aboundeth; 1:4 So that we ourselves
glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all
your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure: 1:5 Which is a
manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be
counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which ye also suffer: 1:6
Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to
them that trouble you; 1:7 And to you who are troubled rest with us,
when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty
angels, 1:8 In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not
God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ: 1:9 Who
shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of
the Lord, and from the glory of his power; 1:10 When he shall come to
be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe
(because our testimony among you was believed) in that day.

1:11 Wherefore also we pray always for you, that our God would count
you worthy of this calling, and fulfil all the good pleasure of his
goodness, and the work of faith with power: 1:12 That the name of our
Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and ye in him, according to
the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.

2:1 Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus
Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, 2:2 That ye be not
soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word,
nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand.

2:3 Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come,
except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be
revealed, the son of perdition; 2:4 Who opposeth and exalteth himself
above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God
sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God.

2:5 Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these
things?  2:6 And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be
revealed in his time.

2:7 For the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he who now
letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way.

2:8 And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall
consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the
brightness of his coming: 2:9 Even him, whose coming is after the
working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders, 2:10 And
with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish;
because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be
saved.

2:11 And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they
should believe a lie: 2:12 That they all might be damned who believed
not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness.

2:13 But we are bound to give thanks alway to God for you, brethren
beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning chosen you to
salvation through sanctification of the Spirit and belief of the
truth: 2:14 Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of
the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.

2:15 Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye
have been taught, whether by word, or our epistle.

2:16 Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father,
which hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting consolation and
good hope through grace, 2:17 Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in
every good word and work.

3:1 Finally, brethren, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may have
free course, and be glorified, even as it is with you: 3:2 And that we
may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men: for all men have
not faith.

3:3 But the Lord is faithful, who shall stablish you, and keep you
from evil.

3:4 And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that ye both do
and will do the things which we command you.

3:5 And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the
patient waiting for Christ.

3:6 Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus
Christ, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh
disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us.

3:7 For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not
ourselves disorderly among you; 3:8 Neither did we eat any man's bread
for nought; but wrought with labour and travail night and day, that we
might not be chargeable to any of you: 3:9 Not because we have not
power, but to make ourselves an ensample unto you to follow us.

3:10 For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if
any would not work, neither should he eat.

3:11 For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly,
working not at all, but are busybodies.

3:12 Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus
Christ, that with quietness they work, and eat their own bread.

3:13 But ye, brethren, be not weary in well doing.

3:14 And if any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man,
and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed.

3:15 Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.

3:16 Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means.
The Lord be with you all.

3:17 The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in
every epistle: so I write.

3:18 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.




The First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Timothy


1:1 Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of God our
Saviour, and Lord Jesus Christ, which is our hope; 1:2 Unto Timothy,
my own son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father
and Jesus Christ our Lord.

1:3 As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into
Macedonia, that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other
doctrine, 1:4 Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies,
which minister questions, rather than godly edifying which is in
faith: so do.

1:5 Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and
of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned: 1:6 From which some
having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling; 1:7 Desiring to
be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor
whereof they affirm.

1:8 But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully; 1:9
Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for
the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for
unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers,
for manslayers, 1:10 For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves
with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if
there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine; 1:11
According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was
committed to my trust.

1:12 And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that
he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry; 1:13 Who was
before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained
mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.

1:14 And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and
love which is in Christ Jesus.

1:15 This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that
Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.

1:16 Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus
Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which
should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.

1:17 Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise
God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.

1:18 This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the
prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a
good warfare; 1:19 Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some
having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck: 1:20 Of whom is
Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they
may learn not to blaspheme.

2:1 I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers,
intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men; 2:2 For
kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and
peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.

2:3 For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour;
2:4 Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge
of the truth.

2:5 For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the
man Christ Jesus; 2:6 Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be
testified in due time.

2:7 Whereunto I am ordained a preacher, and an apostle, (I speak the
truth in Christ, and lie not;) a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and
verity.

2:8 I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands,
without wrath and doubting.

2:9 In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest
apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or
gold, or pearls, or costly array; 2:10 But (which becometh women
professing godliness) with good works.

2:11 Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection.

2:12 But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over
the man, but to be in silence.

2:13 For Adam was first formed, then Eve.

2:14 And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in
the transgression.

2:15 Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they
continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety.

3:1 This is a true saying, If a man desire the office of a bishop, he
desireth a good work.

3:2 A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife,
vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to
teach; 3:3 Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre;
but patient, not a brawler, not covetous; 3:4 One that ruleth well his
own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity; 3:5
(For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take
care of the church of God?)  3:6 Not a novice, lest being lifted up
with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil.

3:7 Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without;
lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil.

3:8 Likewise must the deacons be grave, not doubletongued, not given
to much wine, not greedy of filthy lucre; 3:9 Holding the mystery of
the faith in a pure conscience.

3:10 And let these also first be proved; then let them use the office
of a deacon, being found blameless.

3:11 Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober,
faithful in all things.

3:12 Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their
children and their own houses well.

3:13 For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to
themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in
Christ Jesus.

3:14 These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly:
3:15 But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to
behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living
God, the pillar and ground of the truth.

3:16 And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God
was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels,
preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into
glory.

4:1 Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some
shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and
doctrines of devils; 4:2 Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their
conscience seared with a hot iron; 4:3 Forbidding to marry, and
commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath created to be
received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth.

4:4 For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if
it be received with thanksgiving: 4:5 For it is sanctified by the word
of God and prayer.

4:6 If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, thou
shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of
faith and of good doctrine, whereunto thou hast attained.

4:7 But refuse profane and old wives' fables, and exercise thyself
rather unto godliness.

4:8 For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable
unto all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that
which is to come.

4:9 This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation.

4:10 For therefore we both labour and suffer reproach, because we
trust in the living God, who is the Saviour of all men, specially of
those that believe.

4:11 These things command and teach.

4:12 Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the
believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith,
in purity.

4:13 Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to
doctrine.

4:14 Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by
prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.

4:15 Meditate upon these things; give thyself wholly to them; that thy
profiting may appear to all.

4:16 Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them:
for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear
thee.

5:1 Rebuke not an elder, but intreat him as a father; and the younger
men as brethren; 5:2 The elder women as mothers; the younger as
sisters, with all purity.

5:3 Honour widows that are widows indeed.

5:4 But if any widow have children or nephews, let them learn first to
shew piety at home, and to requite their parents: for that is good and
acceptable before God.

5:5 Now she that is a widow indeed, and desolate, trusteth in God, and
continueth in supplications and prayers night and day.

5:6 But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.

5:7 And these things give in charge, that they may be blameless.

5:8 But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his
own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.

5:9 Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years
old, having been the wife of one man.

5:10 Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children,
if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints' feet, if
she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every
good work.

5:11 But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax
wanton against Christ, they will marry; 5:12 Having damnation, because
they have cast off their first faith.

5:13 And withal they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to
house; and not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking
things which they ought not.

5:14 I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children,
guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak
reproachfully.

5:15 For some are already turned aside after Satan.

5:16 If any man or woman that believeth have widows, let them relieve
them, and let not the church be charged; that it may relieve them that
are widows indeed.

5:17 Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour,
especially they who labour in the word and doctrine.

5:18 For the scripture saith, Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that
treadeth out the corn. And, The labourer is worthy of his reward.

5:19 Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or
three witnesses.

5:20 Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.

5:21 I charge thee before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, and the
elect angels, that thou observe these things without preferring one
before another, doing nothing by partiality.

5:22 Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's
sins: keep thyself pure.

5:23 Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's
sake and thine often infirmities.

5:24 Some men's sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment;
and some men they follow after.

5:25 Likewise also the good works of some are manifest beforehand; and
they that are otherwise cannot be hid.

6:1 Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters
worthy of all honour, that the name of God and his doctrine be not
blasphemed.

6:2 And they that have believing masters, let them not despise them,
because they are brethren; but rather do them service, because they
are faithful and beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach
and exhort.

6:3 If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words,
even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is
according to godliness; 6:4 He is proud, knowing nothing, but doting
about questions and strifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife,
railings, evil surmisings, 6:5 Perverse disputings of men of corrupt
minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness:
from such withdraw thyself.

6:6 But godliness with contentment is great gain.

6:7 For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can
carry nothing out.

6:8 And having food and raiment let us be therewith content.

6:9 But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and
into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction
and perdition.

6:10 For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some
coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves
through with many sorrows.

6:11 But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after
righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness.

6:12 Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life,
whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession
before many witnesses.

6:13 I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickeneth all
things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a
good confession; 6:14 That thou keep this commandment without spot,
unrebukable, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ: 6:15 Which
in his times he shall shew, who is the blessed and only Potentate, the
King of kings, and Lord of lords; 6:16 Who only hath immortality,
dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto; whom no man hath
seen, nor can see: to whom be honour and power everlasting. Amen.

6:17 Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not
highminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who
giveth us richly all things to enjoy; 6:18 That they do good, that
they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to
communicate; 6:19 Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation
against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.

6:20 O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding
profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so
called: 6:21 Which some professing have erred concerning the faith.
Grace be with thee. Amen.




The Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Timothy


1:1 Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, according to
the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus, 1:2 To Timothy,
my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father
and Christ Jesus our Lord.

1:3 I thank God, whom I serve from my forefathers with pure
conscience, that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my
prayers night and day; 1:4 Greatly desiring to see thee, being mindful
of thy tears, that I may be filled with joy; 1:5 When I call to
remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, which dwelt first in
thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice; and I am persuaded that
in thee also.

1:6 Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of
God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands.

1:7 For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of
love, and of a sound mind.

1:8 Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of
me his prisoner: but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel
according to the power of God; 1:9 Who hath saved us, and called us
with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his
own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the
world began, 1:10 But is now made manifest by the appearing of our
Saviour Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death, and hath brought life
and immortality to light through the gospel: 1:11 Whereunto I am
appointed a preacher, and an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles.

1:12 For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am
not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he
is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.

1:13 Hold fast the form of sound words, which thou hast heard of me,
in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.

1:14 That good thing which was committed unto thee keep by the Holy
Ghost which dwelleth in us.

1:15 This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asia be turned away
from me; of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes.

1:16 The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft
refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain: 1:17 But, when he was
in Rome, he sought me out very diligently, and found me.

1:18 The Lord grant unto him that he may find mercy of the Lord in
that day: and in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus,
thou knowest very well.

2:1 Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ
Jesus.

2:2 And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses,
the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach
others also.

2:3 Thou therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Christ.

2:4 No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this
life; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier.

2:5 And if a man also strive for masteries, yet is he not crowned,
except he strive lawfully.

2:6 The husbandman that laboureth must be first partaker of the
fruits.

2:7 Consider what I say; and the Lord give thee understanding in all
things.

2:8 Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from
the dead according to my gospel: 2:9 Wherein I suffer trouble, as an
evil doer, even unto bonds; but the word of God is not bound.

2:10 Therefore I endure all things for the elect's sakes, that they
may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal
glory.

2:11 It is a faithful saying: For if we be dead with him, we shall
also live with him: 2:12 If we suffer, we shall also reign with him:
if we deny him, he also will deny us: 2:13 If we believe not, yet he
abideth faithful: he cannot deny himself.

2:14 Of these things put them in remembrance, charging them before the
Lord that they strive not about words to no profit, but to the
subverting of the hearers.

2:15 Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth
not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.

2:16 But shun profane and vain babblings: for they will increase unto
more ungodliness.

2:17 And their word will eat as doth a canker: of whom is Hymenaeus
and Philetus; 2:18 Who concerning the truth have erred, saying that
the resurrection is past already; and overthrow the faith of some.

2:19 Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this
seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, Let every one that
nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.

2:20 But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of
silver, but also of wood and of earth; and some to honour, and some to
dishonour.

2:21 If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel
unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared
unto every good work.

2:22 Flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith,
charity, peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart.

2:23 But foolish and unlearned questions avoid, knowing that they do
gender strifes.

2:24 And the servant of the Lord must not strive; but be gentle unto
all men, apt to teach, patient, 2:25 In meekness instructing those
that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance
to the acknowledging of the truth; 2:26 And that they may recover
themselves out of the snare of the devil, who are taken captive by him
at his will.

3:1 This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.

3:2 For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters,
proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, 3:3
Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent,
fierce, despisers of those that are good, 3:4 Traitors, heady,
highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; 3:5 Having a
form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

3:6 For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead
captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts, 3:7
Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.

3:8 Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist
the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.

3:9 But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be
manifest unto all men, as their's also was.

3:10 But thou hast fully known my doctrine, manner of life, purpose,
faith, longsuffering, charity, patience, 3:11 Persecutions,
afflictions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra;
what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered
me.

3:12 Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer
persecution.

3:13 But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving,
and being deceived.

3:14 But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast
been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them; 3:15 And that
from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to
make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.

3:16 All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable
for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in
righteousness: 3:17 That the man of God may be perfect, throughly
furnished unto all good works.

4:1 I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who
shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;
4:2 Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove,
rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine.

4:3 For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine;
but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers,
having itching ears; 4:4 And they shall turn away their ears from the
truth, and shall be turned unto fables.

4:5 But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of
an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry.

4:6 For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is
at hand.

4:7 I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept
the faith: 4:8 Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of
righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at
that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his
appearing.

4:9 Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me: 4:10 For Demas hath
forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto
Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia.

4:11 Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with thee: for he
is profitable to me for the ministry.

4:12 And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus.

4:13 The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest,
bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments.

4:14 Alexander the coppersmith did me much evil: the Lord reward him
according to his works: 4:15 Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath
greatly withstood our words.

4:16 At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me:
I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge.

4:17 Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that
by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles
might hear: and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion.

4:18 And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will
preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and
ever. Amen.

4:19 Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus.

4:20 Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum
sick.

4:21 Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee,
and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren.

4:22 The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you.
Amen.




The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Titus


1:1 Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according
to the faith of God's elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which
is after godliness; 1:2 In hope of eternal life, which God, that
cannot lie, promised before the world began; 1:3 But hath in due times
manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me
according to the commandment of God our Saviour; 1:4 To Titus, mine
own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the
Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour.

1:5 For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in
order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as
I had appointed thee: 1:6 If any be blameless, the husband of one
wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.

1:7 For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not
selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given
to filthy lucre; 1:8 But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men,
sober, just, holy, temperate; 1:9 Holding fast the faithful word as he
hath been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort
and to convince the gainsayers.

1:10 For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers,
specially they of the circumcision: 1:11 Whose mouths must be stopped,
who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for
filthy lucre's sake.

1:12 One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, The
Cretians are alway liars, evil beasts, slow bellies.

1:13 This witness is true. Wherefore rebuke them sharply, that they
may be sound in the faith; 1:14 Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and
commandments of men, that turn from the truth.

1:15 Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled
and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is
defiled.

1:16 They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him,
being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.

2:1 But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine: 2:2 That
the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity,
in patience.

2:3 The aged women likewise, that they be in behaviour as becometh
holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good
things; 2:4 That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love
their husbands, to love their children, 2:5 To be discreet, chaste,
keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word
of God be not blasphemed.

2:6 Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded.

2:7 In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works: in doctrine
shewing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity, 2:8 Sound speech, that
cannot be condemned; that he that is of the contrary part may be
ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you.

2:9 Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters, and to
please them well in all things; not answering again; 2:10 Not
purloining, but shewing all good fidelity; that they may adorn the
doctrine of God our Saviour in all things.

2:11 For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all
men, 2:12 Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we
should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;
2:13 Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the
great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ; 2:14 Who gave himself for us,
that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a
peculiar people, zealous of good works.

2:15 These things speak, and exhort, and rebuke with all authority.
Let no man despise thee.

3:1 Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to
obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work, 3:2 To speak evil of
no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, shewing all meekness unto all
men.

3:3 For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient,
deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and
envy, hateful, and hating one another.

3:4 But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man
appeared, 3:5 Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but
according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration,
and renewing of the Holy Ghost; 3:6 Which he shed on us abundantly
through Jesus Christ our Saviour; 3:7 That being justified by his
grace, we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.

3:8 This is a faithful saying, and these things I will that thou
affirm constantly, that they which have believed in God might be
careful to maintain good works. These things are good and profitable
unto men.

3:9 But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and
strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain.

3:10 A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition
reject; 3:11 Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth,
being condemned of himself.

3:12 When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to
come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter.

3:13 Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently,
that nothing be wanting unto them.

3:14 And let our's also learn to maintain good works for necessary
uses, that they be not unfruitful.

3:15 All that are with me salute thee. Greet them that love us in the
faith. Grace be with you all. Amen.




The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Philemon


1:1 Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto
Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer, 1:2 And to our
beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in
thy house: 1:3 Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the
Lord Jesus Christ.

1:4 I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers, 1:5
Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus,
and toward all saints; 1:6 That the communication of thy faith may
become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in
you in Christ Jesus.

1:7 For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the
bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother.

1:8 Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee
that which is convenient, 1:9 Yet for love's sake I rather beseech
thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of
Jesus Christ.

1:10 I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my
bonds: 1:11 Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now
profitable to thee and to me: 1:12 Whom I have sent again: thou
therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels: 1:13 Whom I would
have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto
me in the bonds of the gospel: 1:14 But without thy mind would I do
nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but
willingly.

1:15 For perhaps he therefore departed for a season, that thou
shouldest receive him for ever; 1:16 Not now as a servant, but above a
servant, a brother beloved, specially to me, but how much more unto
thee, both in the flesh, and in the Lord?  1:17 If thou count me
therefore a partner, receive him as myself.

1:18 If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine
account; 1:19 I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay
it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own
self besides.

1:20 Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my
bowels in the Lord.

1:21 Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing
that thou wilt also do more than I say.

1:22 But withal prepare me also a lodging: for I trust that through
your prayers I shall be given unto you.

1:23 There salute thee Epaphras, my fellowprisoner in Christ Jesus;
1:24 Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers.

1:25 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.




The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Hebrews


1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past
unto the fathers by the prophets, 1:2 Hath in these last days spoken
unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom
also he made the worlds; 1:3 Who being the brightness of his glory,
and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the
word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on
the right hand of the Majesty on high: 1:4 Being made so much better
than the angels, as he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent
name than they.

1:5 For unto which of the angels said he at any time, Thou art my Son,
this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a Father,
and he shall be to me a Son?  1:6 And again, when he bringeth in the
firstbegotten into the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God
worship him.

1:7 And of the angels he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his
ministers a flame of fire.

1:8 But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and
ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.

1:9 Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God,
even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy
fellows.

1:10 And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the
earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands: 1:11 They shall
perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a
garment; 1:12 And as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall
be changed: but thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail.

1:13 But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right
hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?  1:14 Are they not all
ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be
heirs of salvation?  2:1 Therefore we ought to give the more earnest
heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let
them slip.

2:2 For if the word spoken by angels was stedfast, and every
transgression and disobedience received a just recompence of reward;
2:3 How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation; which at
the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by
them that heard him; 2:4 God also bearing them witness, both with
signs and wonders, and with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy
Ghost, according to his own will?  2:5 For unto the angels hath he not
put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak.

2:6 But one in a certain place testified, saying, What is man, that
thou art mindful of him? or the son of man that thou visitest him?
2:7 Thou madest him a little lower than the angels; thou crownedst him
with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands:
2:8 Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that
he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put
under him.

But now we see not yet all things put under him.

2:9 But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for
the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the
grace of God should taste death for every man.

2:10 For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all
things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their
salvation perfect through sufferings.

2:11 For both he that sanctifieth and they who are sanctified are all
of one: for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren, 2:12
Saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the
church will I sing praise unto thee.

2:13 And again, I will put my trust in him. And again, Behold I and
the children which God hath given me.

2:14 Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood,
he also himself likewise took part of the same; that through death he
might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil;
2:15 And deliver them who through fear of death were all their
lifetime subject to bondage.

2:16 For verily he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took
on him the seed of Abraham.

2:17 Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his
brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in
things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the
people.

2:18 For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is able to
succour them that are tempted.

3:1 Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling,
consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;
3:2 Who was faithful to him that appointed him, as also Moses was
faithful in all his house.

3:3 For this man was counted worthy of more glory than Moses, inasmuch
as he who hath builded the house hath more honour than the house.

3:4 For every house is builded by some man; but he that built all
things is God.

3:5 And Moses verily was faithful in all his house, as a servant, for
a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after; 3:6 But
Christ as a son over his own house; whose house are we, if we hold
fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end.

3:7 Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his
voice, 3:8 Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day
of temptation in the wilderness: 3:9 When your fathers tempted me,
proved me, and saw my works forty years.

3:10 Wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do
alway err in their heart; and they have not known my ways.

3:11 So I sware in my wrath, They shall not enter into my rest.)  3:12
Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of
unbelief, in departing from the living God.

3:13 But exhort one another daily, while it is called To day; lest any
of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin.

3:14 For we are made partakers of Christ, if we hold the beginning of
our confidence stedfast unto the end; 3:15 While it is said, To day if
ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts, as in the provocation.

3:16 For some, when they had heard, did provoke: howbeit not all that
came out of Egypt by Moses.

3:17 But with whom was he grieved forty years? was it not with them
that had sinned, whose carcases fell in the wilderness?  3:18 And to
whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them
that believed not?  3:19 So we see that they could not enter in
because of unbelief.

4:1 Let us therefore fear, lest, a promise being left us of entering
into his rest, any of you should seem to come short of it.

4:2 For unto us was the gospel preached, as well as unto them: but the
word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them
that heard it.

4:3 For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, As I
have sworn in my wrath, if they shall enter into my rest: although the
works were finished from the foundation of the world.

4:4 For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise,
And God did rest the seventh day from all his works.

4:5 And in this place again, If they shall enter into my rest.

4:6 Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein, and
they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief:
4:7 Again, he limiteth a certain day, saying in David, To day, after
so long a time; as it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice,
harden not your hearts.

4:8 For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have
spoken of another day.

4:9 There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God.

4:10 For he that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from
his own works, as God did from his.

4:11 Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man
fall after the same example of unbelief.

4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any
twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and
spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the
thoughts and intents of the heart.

4:13 Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight:
but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we
have to do.

4:14 Seeing then that we have a great high priest, that is passed into
the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession.

4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the
feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we
are, yet without sin.

4:16 Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we
may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.

5:1 For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in
things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices
for sins: 5:2 Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them
that are out of the way; for that he himself also is compassed with
infirmity.

5:3 And by reason hereof he ought, as for the people, so also for
himself, to offer for sins.

5:4 And no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called
of God, as was Aaron.

5:5 So also Christ glorified not himself to be made an high priest;
but he that said unto him, Thou art my Son, to day have I begotten
thee.

5:6 As he saith also in another place, Thou art a priest for ever
after the order of Melchisedec.

5:7 Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and
supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to
save him from death, and was heard in that he feared; 5:8 Though he
were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered;
5:9 And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation
unto all them that obey him; 5:10 Called of God an high priest after
the order of Melchisedec.

5:11 Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered,
seeing ye are dull of hearing.

5:12 For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that
one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of
God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat.

5:13 For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of
righteousness: for he is a babe.

5:14 But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even
those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both
good and evil.

6:1 Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us
go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance
from dead works, and of faith toward God, 6:2 Of the doctrine of
baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead,
and of eternal judgment.

6:3 And this will we do, if God permit.

6:4 For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have
tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy
Ghost, 6:5 And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the
world to come, 6:6 If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto
repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh,
and put him to an open shame.

6:7 For the earth which drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it,
and bringeth forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed,
receiveth blessing from God: 6:8 But that which beareth thorns and
briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be
burned.

6:9 But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things
that accompany salvation, though we thus speak.

6:10 For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of
love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered
to the saints, and do minister.

6:11 And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to
the full assurance of hope unto the end: 6:12 That ye be not slothful,
but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the
promises.

6:13 For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by
no greater, he sware by himself, 6:14 Saying, Surely blessing I will
bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee.

6:15 And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise.

6:16 For men verily swear by the greater: and an oath for confirmation
is to them an end of all strife.

6:17 Wherein God, willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of
promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath: 6:18
That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to
lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to
lay hold upon the hope set before us: 6:19 Which hope we have as an
anchor of the soul, both sure and stedfast, and which entereth into
that within the veil; 6:20 Whither the forerunner is for us entered,
even Jesus, made an high priest for ever after the order of
Melchisedec.

7:1 For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God,
who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed
him; 7:2 To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by
interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of
Salem, which is, King of peace; 7:3 Without father, without mother,
without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life;
but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continually.

7:4 Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch
Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils.

7:5 And verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the
office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the
people according to the law, that is, of their brethren, though they
come out of the loins of Abraham: 7:6 But he whose descent is not
counted from them received tithes of Abraham, and blessed him that had
the promises.

7:7 And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better.

7:8 And here men that die receive tithes; but there he receiveth them,
of whom it is witnessed that he liveth.

7:9 And as I may so say, Levi also, who receiveth tithes, payed tithes
in Abraham.

7:10 For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met
him.

7:11 If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, (for
under it the people received the law,) what further need was there
that another priest should rise after the order of Melchisedec, and
not be called after the order of Aaron?  7:12 For the priesthood being
changed, there is made of necessity a change also of the law.

7:13 For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another
tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar.

7:14 For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which
tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood.

7:15 And it is yet far more evident: for that after the similitude of
Melchisedec there ariseth another priest, 7:16 Who is made, not after
the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless
life.

7:17 For he testifieth, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of
Melchisedec.

7:18 For there is verily a disannulling of the commandment going
before for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof.

7:19 For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better
hope did; by the which we draw nigh unto God.

7:20 And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest: 7:21 (For
those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him
that said unto him, The Lord sware and will not repent, Thou art a
priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec:) 7:22 By so much was
Jesus made a surety of a better testament.

7:23 And they truly were many priests, because they were not suffered
to continue by reason of death: 7:24 But this man, because he
continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood.

7:25 Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come
unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.

7:26 For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless,
undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
7:27 Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up
sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this
he did once, when he offered up himself.

7:28 For the law maketh men high priests which have infirmity; but the
word of the oath, which was since the law, maketh the Son, who is
consecrated for evermore.

8:1 Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have
such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the
Majesty in the heavens; 8:2 A minister of the sanctuary, and of the
true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man.

8:3 For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices:
wherefore it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to
offer.

8:4 For if he were on earth, he should not be a priest, seeing that
there are priests that offer gifts according to the law: 8:5 Who serve
unto the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was
admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See,
saith he, that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to
thee in the mount.

8:6 But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much
also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established
upon better promises.

8:7 For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no
place have been sought for the second.

8:8 For finding fault with them, he saith, Behold, the days come,
saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of
Israel and with the house of Judah: 8:9 Not according to the covenant
that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand
to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in
my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord.

8:10 For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of
Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their
mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and
they shall be to me a people: 8:11 And they shall not teach every man
his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for
all shall know me, from the least to the greatest.

8:12 For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins
and their iniquities will I remember no more.

8:13 In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now
that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.

9:1 Then verily the first covenant had also ordinances of divine
service, and a worldly sanctuary.

9:2 For there was a tabernacle made; the first, wherein was the
candlestick, and the table, and the shewbread; which is called the
sanctuary.

9:3 And after the second veil, the tabernacle which is called the
Holiest of all; 9:4 Which had the golden censer, and the ark of the
covenant overlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden pot
that had manna, and Aaron's rod that budded, and the tables of the
covenant; 9:5 And over it the cherubims of glory shadowing the
mercyseat; of which we cannot now speak particularly.

9:6 Now when these things were thus ordained, the priests went always
into the first tabernacle, accomplishing the service of God.

9:7 But into the second went the high priest alone once every year,
not without blood, which he offered for himself, and for the errors of
the people: 9:8 The Holy Ghost this signifying, that the way into the
holiest of all was not yet made manifest, while as the first
tabernacle was yet standing: 9:9 Which was a figure for the time then
present, in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices, that could
not make him that did the service perfect, as pertaining to the
conscience; 9:10 Which stood only in meats and drinks, and divers
washings, and carnal ordinances, imposed on them until the time of
reformation.

9:11 But Christ being come an high priest of good things to come, by a
greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to
say, not of this building; 9:12 Neither by the blood of goats and
calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place,
having obtained eternal redemption for us.

9:13 For if the blood of bulls and of goats, and the ashes of an
heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the purifying of the
flesh: 9:14 How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the
eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your
conscience from dead works to serve the living God?  9:15 And for this
cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death,
for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first
testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal
inheritance.

9:16 For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the
death of the testator.

9:17 For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is
of no strength at all while the testator liveth.

9:18 Whereupon neither the first testament was dedicated without
blood.

9:19 For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people
according to the law, he took the blood of calves and of goats, with
water, and scarlet wool, and hyssop, and sprinkled both the book, and
all the people, 9:20 Saying, This is the blood of the testament which
God hath enjoined unto you.

9:21 Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle, and all the
vessels of the ministry.

9:22 And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and
without shedding of blood is no remission.

9:23 It was therefore necessary that the patterns of things in the
heavens should be purified with these; but the heavenly things
themselves with better sacrifices than these.

9:24 For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands,
which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to
appear in the presence of God for us: 9:25 Nor yet that he should
offer himself often, as the high priest entereth into the holy place
every year with blood of others; 9:26 For then must he often have
suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of
the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of
himself.

9:27 And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the
judgment: 9:28 So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many;
and unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time
without sin unto salvation.

10:1 For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the
very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they
offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.

10:2 For then would they not have ceased to be offered? because that
the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of
sins.

10:3 But in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins
every year.

10:4 For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats
should take away sins.

10:5 Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, Sacrifice and
offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me: 10:6 In
burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hast had no pleasure.

10:7 Then said I, Lo, I come (in the volume of the book it is written
of me,) to do thy will, O God.

10:8 Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings
and offering for sin thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure
therein; which are offered by the law; 10:9 Then said he, Lo, I come
to do thy will, O God. He taketh away the first, that he may establish
the second.

10:10 By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the
body of Jesus Christ once for all.

10:11 And every priest standeth daily ministering and offering
oftentimes the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins: 10:12
But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever,
sat down on the right hand of God; 10:13 From henceforth expecting
till his enemies be made his footstool.

10:14 For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are
sanctified.

10:15 Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us: for after that
he had said before, 10:16 This is the covenant that I will make with
them after those days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws into their
hearts, and in their minds will I write them; 10:17 And their sins and
iniquities will I remember no more.

10:18 Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for
sin.

10:19 Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest
by the blood of Jesus, 10:20 By a new and living way, which he hath
consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, his flesh; 10:21
And having an high priest over the house of God; 10:22 Let us draw
near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts
sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure
water.

10:23 Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering;
(for he is faithful that promised;) 10:24 And let us consider one
another to provoke unto love and to good works: 10:25 Not forsaking
the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but
exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day
approaching.

10:26 For if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge
of the truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins, 10:27 But a
certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which
shall devour the adversaries.

10:28 He that despised Moses' law died without mercy under two or
three witnesses: 10:29 Of how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall
he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under foot the Son of God, and
hath counted the blood of the covenant, wherewith he was sanctified,
an unholy thing, and hath done despite unto the Spirit of grace?
10:30 For we know him that hath said, Vengeance belongeth unto me, I
will recompense, saith the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his
people.

10:31 It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.

10:32 But call to remembrance the former days, in which, after ye were
illuminated, ye endured a great fight of afflictions; 10:33 Partly,
whilst ye were made a gazingstock both by reproaches and afflictions;
and partly, whilst ye became companions of them that were so used.

10:34 For ye had compassion of me in my bonds, and took joyfully the
spoiling of your goods, knowing in yourselves that ye have in heaven a
better and an enduring substance.

10:35 Cast not away therefore your confidence, which hath great
recompence of reward.

10:36 For ye have need of patience, that, after ye have done the will
of God, ye might receive the promise.

10:37 For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and
will not tarry.

10:38 Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my
soul shall have no pleasure in him.

10:39 But we are not of them who draw back unto perdition; but of them
that believe to the saving of the soul.

11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of
things not seen.

11:2 For by it the elders obtained a good report.

11:3 Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the
word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things
which do appear.

11:4 By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than
Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God
testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.

11:5 By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and
was not found, because God had translated him: for before his
translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.

11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that
cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of
them that diligently seek him.

11:7 By faith Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet,
moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the
which he condemned the world, and became heir of the righteousness
which is by faith.

11:8 By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which
he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out,
not knowing whither he went.

11:9 By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as in a strange
country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with
him of the same promise: 11:10 For he looked for a city which hath
foundations, whose builder and maker is God.

11:11 Through faith also Sara herself received strength to conceive
seed, and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she
judged him faithful who had promised.

11:12 Therefore sprang there even of one, and him as good as dead, so
many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by
the sea shore innumerable.

11:13 These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but
having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced
them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the
earth.

11:14 For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a
country.

11:15 And truly, if they had been mindful of that country from whence
they came out, they might have had opportunity to have returned.

11:16 But now they desire a better country, that is, an heavenly:
wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God: for he hath
prepared for them a city.

11:17 By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he
that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son, 11:18
Of whom it was said, That in Isaac shall thy seed be called: 11:19
Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from
whence also he received him in a figure.

11:20 By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come.

11:21 By faith Jacob, when he was a dying, blessed both the sons of
Joseph; and worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff.

11:22 By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of
the children of Israel; and gave commandment concerning his bones.

11:23 By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his
parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not
afraid of the king's commandment.

11:24 By faith Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be called
the son of Pharaoh's daughter; 11:25 Choosing rather to suffer
affliction with the people of God, than to enjoy the pleasures of sin
for a season; 11:26 Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches
than the treasures in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompence of
the reward.

11:27 By faith he forsook Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king:
for he endured, as seeing him who is invisible.

11:28 Through faith he kept the passover, and the sprinkling of blood,
lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them.

11:29 By faith they passed through the Red sea as by dry land: which
the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned.

11:30 By faith the walls of Jericho fell down, after they were
compassed about seven days.

11:31 By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed
not, when she had received the spies with peace.

11:32 And what shall I more say? for the time would fail me to tell of
Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephthae; of David also,
and Samuel, and of the prophets: 11:33 Who through faith subdued
kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths
of lions.

11:34 Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword,
out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to
flight the armies of the aliens.

11:35 Women received their dead raised to life again: and others were
tortured, not accepting deliverance; that they might obtain a better
resurrection: 11:36 And others had trial of cruel mockings and
scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment: 11:37 They were
stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the
sword: they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins; being
destitute, afflicted, tormented; 11:38 (Of whom the world was not
worthy:) they wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in dens and
caves of the earth.

11:39 And these all, having obtained a good report through faith,
received not the promise: 11:40 God having provided some better thing
for us, that they without us should not be made perfect.

12:1 Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a
cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which
doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is
set before us, 12:2 Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our
faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross,
despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne
of God.

12:3 For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners
against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds.

12:4 Ye have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against sin.

12:5 And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as
unto children, My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord,
nor faint when thou art rebuked of him: 12:6 For whom the Lord loveth
he chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.

12:7 If ye endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons; for
what son is he whom the father chasteneth not?  12:8 But if ye be
without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards,
and not sons.

12:9 Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us,
and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection
unto the Father of spirits, and live?  12:10 For they verily for a few
days chastened us after their own pleasure; but he for our profit,
that we might be partakers of his holiness.

12:11 Now no chastening for the present seemeth to be joyous, but
grievous: nevertheless afterward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of
righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.

12:12 Wherefore lift up the hands which hang down, and the feeble
knees; 12:13 And make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is
lame be turned out of the way; but let it rather be healed.

12:14 Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man
shall see the Lord: 12:15 Looking diligently lest any man fail of the
grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you,
and thereby many be defiled; 12:16 Lest there be any fornicator, or
profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his
birthright.

12:17 For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the
blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though
he sought it carefully with tears.

12:18 For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched, and
that burned with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest,
12:19 And the sound of a trumpet, and the voice of words; which voice
they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them
any more: 12:20 (For they could not endure that which was commanded,
And if so much as a beast touch the mountain, it shall be stoned, or
thrust through with a dart: 12:21 And so terrible was the sight, that
Moses said, I exceedingly fear and quake:) 12:22 But ye are come unto
mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly
Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels, 12:23 To the
general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in
heaven, and to God the Judge of all, and to the spirits of just men
made perfect, 12:24 And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and
to the blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of
Abel.

12:25 See that ye refuse not him that speaketh. For if they escaped
not who refused him that spake on earth, much more shall not we
escape, if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven: 12:26
Whose voice then shook the earth: but now he hath promised, saying,
Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven.

12:27 And this word, Yet once more, signifieth the removing of those
things that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things
which cannot be shaken may remain.

12:28 Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us
have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and
godly fear: 12:29 For our God is a consuming fire.

13:1 Let brotherly love continue.

13:2 Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have
entertained angels unawares.

13:3 Remember them that are in bonds, as bound with them; and them
which suffer adversity, as being yourselves also in the body.

13:4 Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but
whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.

13:5 Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content
with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave
thee, nor forsake thee.

13:6 So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not
fear what man shall do unto me.

13:7 Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto
you the word of God: whose faith follow, considering the end of their
conversation.

13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

13:9 Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines. For it is
a good thing that the heart be established with grace; not with meats,
which have not profited them that have been occupied therein.

13:10 We have an altar, whereof they have no right to eat which serve
the tabernacle.

13:11 For the bodies of those beasts, whose blood is brought into the
sanctuary by the high priest for sin, are burned without the camp.

13:12 Wherefore Jesus also, that he might sanctify the people with his
own blood, suffered without the gate.

13:13 Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp, bearing his
reproach.

13:14 For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come.

13:15 By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God
continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.

13:16 But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such
sacrifices God is well pleased.

13:17 Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves:
for they watch for your souls, as they that must give account, that
they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that is unprofitable
for you.

13:18 Pray for us: for we trust we have a good conscience, in all
things willing to live honestly.

13:19 But I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored
to you the sooner.

13:20 Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord
Jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the
everlasting covenant, 13:21 Make you perfect in every good work to do
his will, working in you that which is wellpleasing in his sight,
through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.

13:22 And I beseech you, brethren, suffer the word of exhortation: for
I have written a letter unto you in few words.

13:23 Know ye that our brother Timothy is set at liberty; with whom,
if he come shortly, I will see you.

13:24 Salute all them that have the rule over you, and all the saints.

They of Italy salute you.

13:25 Grace be with you all. Amen.

Push me over, push me over, push me over, I'm a pushover.
Oh yeah, just play the song,
 inside your heart
I got Elvis on my elbow
You put a spell on me
Bright lights in your city lights, all right.
I'd jump right on a big bucket and fly.
deja vu
 in a bottle I'll send the message
But do as you feel
Look both ways now.
Wa wa zat !! time flies
In Mother Earth's soul, yet!
(chorus)
Coming around you may wake up to find
Where the sun goes
But somehow I got fooled
Swap-meet sally
That's all I'm talkin' about
Wooo-oooo
Will this depression last for long?
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up my choice
That's what you're hungry for
Throwin' down, down, tryin' to reach the bottom
Don't you know it means the same to me?
Shu ba da du ma ma ma
Who knows what we'll find?
I hear 
And the Southern girls with the way they talk
religion
I was first one to get in
This next part should really confuse things
But you smashed my heart in two
That sweet rhythm of her own
Why don't you shut up
I had a dream it was really you
 never been new, babe, child. Ow!
Her thunder thong around your neck
Stand up, stand up
The Mid-West farmer's daughters really 
Wash away my suffering, oh
Lyrics for "Act One" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
Badman, looking for attention
Even on the beat, cherry, cherry on the beat
Before they hit the lights
Out upon 
Explodo paint
Ain't no Brinks truck following no hearse
Somethin' to fill in the holes
And I see lonely ships upon the water
Ain't I glad that love is blind?
And I'm searching for the latest thing, a break in this routine
And the thought of the pretty girls
I'm so sad and lonely
Dig, 'cos I got my own world to live through
I got hula girls on the back of my leg
Own me. She owns it.
Pretty woman, walking down the 
I'm just a gigolo and ev'rywhere I go
Heartbreakin' motor drive
With the breaks
Time to play the cards
I think it's time to roll
A man needs love to live, I'm the livin' 
Wow! Them girls are bitin' good tonight
And i lead with my face, well
Hey now baby well you drivin' me crazy
Of Charles River mud.
So what the fuck?
phone numbers
This wild frontier
Must be the heat
If you want love, you've got to give a little
And I'm not looking for 
To love somebody secretly And never 
Here and gone
And you take the second two lines
Late for the hanging, yes he's headed for the moon
Deep inside of me
Ah yeah!
Just go on out and get it
Ow yeah, ow!
In Coconut Groove
Ah, can you shine the light?
Go ahead on Mr. Business man, you can't dress like me.
We think a lot but don't talk much about it
Beyond the seven seas
Now gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
And it's free for a reason you know
And do it right, right now Right now
Bomb the moon until you're crazy dead
Whoa, whoa, pretty woman
Straight from my heart oh tell
You go through life as someone's doormat
Ma and Pa look back on all the things they used to do
Ah, you know
Here's to your thin 
 and a shake
Runnin' long Oooh
Tell me honey, will your lovin' pay my bills, yeah? Pay my bills
How can you be so bold?
I need some sensible shoes
So good, so good, so good So nice
This one blew my mind, oh, uh, hey!
I'm in a cold sweat
 my tune
'Cause it's always been there
That ain't no way to treat the broken-hearted
I want to live so let me die
Best part of a man
Huah! Put it out until Judgement Day
accept
You coukd never, no, no, no, never, beat this squeeze!
Someone 
When the end comes I know
Last Time, Wrong time
Ahh, you reach down put it between my legs n' ease the seat back
Kiss me quick
They're on the T.V., the stereo
Oh, Baby 'cause It's Showtime!
And don't want me tryin' to pin her down
Her top's down
If she can't then no one else can Yeah yeah yeah
Hold on. I'm holdin' on
An' I know, I ain't lucky in nothin'
Ah. Take each step baby, one by one
But it's home, the only life I ever known.
A little heaven right here on earth. Come on!
Let's do it 'til
Only you know how I loathe Tobacco Road.
One thing for certain, ya get nothin' free
Anything else she knows
She wants to send him a letter, uh yeah yeah
Yeah! Feelin'
Uh, come on baby, baby Dance the night away Ooh, ooh, yeah
Can kill you on 
And there I stood and looked down
Girl Girl gone bad
Dream Dream another dream Ooo-ooo-ooo
Think that's where I'm gone I ain't drownin' just wavin'
Stare at disbelief in me when I just up and walk
With a Chevy for my summer home
And careful how you take it
Oh. Hey, it must be good for somethin'
Ahh Got that rhythm, of her own
And ya play it with a little pain
Since someone used my 
Wow! Blue, Hey hey! it makes me blue. Makes her blue
 me some heroin
Lord, I think I found, found, found, found, found
Yesterday I was a bum and broke
Don't have to worry 'bout the man Yeah yeah yeah
beautiful
Oh listen to my story
On the stage I'm in a rage
And I seen all kinds of girls
He fought for the unions
Yeow! Yeah!
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-Baby!
I dig a french 
I been tried and convicted, it's winner take all
I believe it was inevitable
And lookin' for it that makes you slow
Got to have it
That's the trouble with love
Hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight
An' I don't need no drink
So good, so good
And it ain't gonna change
When I flex elvis talks
women turn into beer, the old lady and TV
I got the itch and a restless soul
It's not that you're hiding
Dig that steam
Then, why can't I tell?
Dream Dream another dream Dream another dream
Girl stop complaining
Ow. Oh, oh, got that rhythm
The choice is up to you
Or another man's opinion
Yeah, the whole routine
It's rally no wonder
I'll be lounging on the Rivera
You turn it up loud
The kids must be in bed
Senorita You're exactly what the doctor ordered, come on talk to me
Oo-I, I, I, I
How expensive he was
It's 2 a.m. and traffic's slow
You can tell me bout the things on your mind
Wow! Get-get-get-get-get out and push Hey, buddy better...get out and push
When they're beatin' my boys
That's what makes us Humans Being
you can have a lot.
I broke a heart, simple n' true
Full speed across the nation
Oh, No!
Stay on my wing
Overloaded 
And it feels so nice So nice
But I'm ahead of you
 you need some bringing down
Big big money. Woo!
Every Einstein's assigned
Just admit it's true
Oh, you make me nervous
And when some local kid gets down
She was a-seaside sittin'
and all I've got, I had to steal
We're over budget
Burst mode dynamite
That's what's comin' down on the inside
Ah, have you ever really touched
Keep on wonderin' why it's gettin' so damn cold
Pavement's hot (and the) sidewalk's steamin'
Well he used to go out drinkin' lookin' for a fight
Ooo-ooo Oh, I wanna touch it now
Your iron lung's a bag of wind
But somehow it's all worth it
For what it is worth
But she knows what that'll get her Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin'
You know I'd never lie to ya, baby don't get me wrong
Just a little bit of room
For you to treat me so evilly
To knock me off my feet
Than one 
Crazy feeelings
Can't say the same for today
Nightly and that's all right with me!
Mmmm, da yeah
He's got everything 'cept what I really need
So the last of the wild frontier kings
When it comes to your love now I ain't a bit lazy
Whow! Ow!
Another place, another time, oh!
At that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up your choice
But just remember boy
Like a harpoon
You never, I said you never, never,
Di-yeah, yeah!
I'm sorry honey if I took it just a little too far, yes
Cause you don't get no sportin' chance
Only you know how I loathe
It happens just like that, baby
Reach for the sky
And I'm alone, I'm on the highway
(things on your mind)
I see a glow that fills this room
Gimme another cigarette over here
All we need is music Sweet sweet
So open up and say ahh-men
I love my blacklight
Just could be your boat is comin' in
Your I.Q. plummets fourteen points
She knows exactly what I need
Pigtails and painted toes
What you were like, long before
Oh, oh. A-lookin' good, aw yes
And late at night
Ah But now I see how ya really are
Ain't no way 'round the system
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
Tell us honey, who does your hair?
Tell me a 
Still you want that sugar daddy
Some people live apart
shot down in May.
Show me your bright lights and your city lights, all right.
But I like that bottle better than the rest
Her t-shirt ended early
I want some too! Whoa!
Have your machine call my machine
Now I know all I want
Says you're a stranger here in paradise, you fool
You mean so much to me
Spread your disease like lemmings breeding
When the cream is risin' to 
Will stone you like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
Ain't nothing's once upon a time
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, hah ha ha bottoms up
Alright, if all the hippies cut off all their hair,
, champagne bottle
Ain't no Red House over yonder
Gonna 
I've known you for all of mine
Yeah, make it nice. Ow!
How long can this go on
Is simply frighteninig
Oh, I know honey all I know is what I'm feelin' inside
Drugged into sin
Your bile inside better left unsaid
We can have the best of both worlds
What a sweet talkin' honey with a little bit o' money
I swore I'd found you once again
Yeah, but you just gorra learn
Hey, I feel like a yo-yo, I've been here too long.
Then I'll get on my knees and pray we don't get fooled again no, no! I'll move
Oooh-oooh Little dreamer, yeah. Oh-oh
One eye on the road, price upon his head
 here, honey
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Hold on, one more
Hey, they're out to knock you out n'
Provin' to be a fraud. his own church applauds
You could hear the demons call
Open up and shout it out, never try to sing
You don't think you've ever seen me somewhere before, do you, huh?
Try one together, one time a sec
Saturday night
Oh All I wanna give you woman ooh
Put your head in the clouds
I been thinkin' 'bout it all week long
Well I'm, feelin' better, now that we're through
Here comes baby jet
No one's above suspicion, no one's got it wired
the top
Makin' plan's a waste. Ain't no future here
Wonder why we're Humans Being
Don't get me wrong, I plan on gettin' some soon
Quick stop by the Bulldog
I wanna hear you call my name, feel your touch
And I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh!
You're the one that I want
That a boy like me
Right now Hey, it's your tomorrow
Ooh-oo-ooh, really mine
Come back
Least now I know it's no big ting
Wanted, dead or alive
Oh, oh-oh-oh oh yeah
As we reached for the stars
With just a bit of room
I hold fate from a string
A little heaven right here on earth, yeah
I'm on easy, easy street
It's one that i believe
And all over me. Yeah!
Will I still be lovin' you? Woo!
Ooh, lovin' and a livin' and a treat me like a fool
My defiant dame
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
And when the back door hits you
Now whaddya say?
Yesterday was such an easy game for you to play
A better way ooo-oooh of, of passing the time
Let's 
Too much temptation, 'nuff to kill a generation
Soon you'll see my silhouette a-darkening your door
Yeah, we're all fast breakers comin' outta the gates
Now it's about time
I'm supposed to feel that's fine
But it's my turn at a try
They found a dirty-faced kid in a garbage can, uh ha
San Francisco way Ooh-ooh-ooh
So if you're lookin' for adventure
So ante up or let 'em go
She decides and you agree: she's leavin'
Now if love is blind why did her stockings
Now take the traveler and the tourist
Stand yp, stand up
And we can rock all night
Said, "Keep my husband away from me...
payment
Turn your cheek a little,
My resistence fails tempations got
But they don't know and they can't see
You're comin' up now
Everything turns out all right
We'll be fighting in 
Fresh from out of town
You know it's more than just an aggravation
I'll probably
Oooh ooh ooh Honey I ain't through with you
Give me your heart
Uh, come on!
Honey 'cause It's Showtime!
Pianoman, in the mood for a melody
Oooh-oooh
Your page or mine...
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Pretty woman, don't walk on by
Maybe in your dreams
This is Mean Street You go an' hunt somebody down
Another page is turned
Can I reach it now
Dance oh the night away. Hey, hey, yeah!
All you do is use me babe
I live my life like there's no tomorrow
Makes my heart sing
That's one of the reasons that I was outta place
I'm just Radar
 do it
You wonder why your life is screaming
But no prob bob and murphy
So how's that I'm always winding up
Oh, come on and take me back
Of the evening go by
That's what the preacher man said.
Hey, we're already gone.
Can't help myself , bad habits
There would come a day when 
Yeah! A-hey, hey, hey!
Take me where history unfolds!
Wave on, wave on
And she said:
Greatest thing you've ever seen
I'm in your beds. Your beds
Until sunup
Go for the action, with no distractions yeah
Can't control your future,
My toes
One time boys!
I am the ruler of these netherworlds
God damn it lady. You know I ain't lyin' to ya
It makes her radiant
 that I ain't lucky
No truer words have ever been said
My love life was a darn disgrace
Yea-yeah!
Pretty woman, look my way
But still lookin' alright, yeah
Ahh Never bad enough to crucify me.
Humans, Humans Being
 your bags."
Don't 
Down here at land's edge
They both were trouble
Sometimes you win sometimes you lose
Uh well, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble
Cuz I ain't got nobody
Perhaps you know my name...
Ooh I need your lovin', come on baby, take me home
I'm melting
Hey, come on man. Wake up
 out now though, Dave's got somethin' for you
An' wind's in your beer can
Oh yea
Same amount, in n' out
Ah you, just tell him anything
sea to shining sea.
Gotta, gotta, gotta work it out
More impressive still
Now lose the dress, keep the 
Is only a heartbeat away
I tell you honey now you've let 
Good God y'all
But you only like it rough
Dial 1-900-SPANKED!
You will feel my voice
A corvette stingray, I do it my way
Yeah they always try to nail ya
the master
where we can sweat it all out and laugh."
To make me feel almost guilty
That we belong together
Oh, I know you wanna touch
Is too hard to swallow
In the absence, there's a presence in my heart
Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin' Now Jamie wouldn't say all right
 what we'll find?
It should mean a little, a little more Ahh-ahh
I ain't got nobody
Just when I'm gettin' kinda used to the taste
I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble, ah!
Uh-know what I want
A hot dog and a shake
Flat stone cold lied to
My wicked wicked ways
I've parked my speedboat next to some
cowboy
I been dreamin' 'bout tomorrow
each time that I find myself flat on my face
'Cause that's what love is made of
Ah-ah. Summer nights
Your magic free
I'm your ice cream man baby, stop me when I'm passin' by
Can't survive and think to win
Don't show 'em where it's hid.
Call me 40 Below
I'm coming straight for your heart
Hey, hey, hey!
Hours and hours
Don't wanna be no uptown fool
People try to blame me,
Deadman, living for tomorrow
No dolphin needs to tell me
I say, "No one moves...
And you must never wait...,
So this is love?
Dance the night away
Will make me sick or poor or fat
 route
Have you ever really touched
And I'm seein' what no one else will ever know
Into a world so far from home
You got it tough, I've seen the toughest around
Mother Nature piss her pants and when
Cuz I ain't so bad
Satin Doll
Fooled me with her style and ease
Good enough, ta
No big t'ing
Come on baby, show your love
Get it on,
No doubt!
I'm tryin to hear from the mildew
I'm talkin' 'bout the Yankee Rose.
I'm hot for teacher!
It takes up all your time
Please don't think about the time going by
Price of an education
'Cause it's 3-6-9 time
I said, "Don't get smart with an angel, babe
Maybe enough ain't enough for you
Ain't even worth a song
Then you say you won't
`cause this band is tight
Hey, all depends how ya see it
The gypsy said the problem with you
Hey fool, wise up, better late than never
make it bump and grind.
All band members rambling together
Searchin' everywhere, you turn and swear Ahh-ahh-ahh
Excedrin Headache #65
Now I've got 
'Cause the ice-man's comin'
Hey hey hey!
The moon's on the rise
Before you hear what I have to say
One shot for the real go-getter
Took a dozen lawyers
Splash that holy water on me
And my mind goes hot to cool
No starving kid to make the case
Sting like a B-52
I don't mind, I don't mind,
I'll bear that same old cross same ol' cross
He buddy, take a number
Least likely to succeed
Salesman, try and sell you his soul
Oh Takers need a giver, this much you understand
Or hang around to be born again
No Oh this ain't television, but it's more than it seems
Available
Knucklebones
And if you think that violence
 between the stage and the welfare door
, push it in, uh!
Will you ever be the same?
Sail away with someone's daughter
Just as long as you are there
I heard 
They're dancin' in Chicago They'll be dancin'
Uh, that's for sure
Here's one for hte road
Was from a helicopter
Photographs
But I'm gonna wave my freak flag high, high.
Not so easy to find, no-oh
Do exist
Over there. nobody, got no one, nobody
And it's compulsory.
Go see baby now-ah!
She came from Dallas
Been standin' still. With more time to kill
 plan.
I can feel it, the
Sideways
Hey baby can I be excused, I can't take no more
Oh, oh, Oh! 
Now, I don't care if you're John Lennon, baby, I just
Well, i may not be the best lookin'
An nothin' 
Well, i can't dance
An' lil Jack frost
Used to be I couldn't sleep at night, baby
So it must have been two other people
Dead or alive, ow-ow!
Yeah! All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh
Oh, wham bam, oh Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
You gotta get right back to where we started from
And I think I like, I think I like, I like what I see
I had some crazy vision, one I can't deny it
I found a lover ain't afraid of the dark
How did you know that golden rule?
Straight from the heart, oh tell
Mmmm, I'm a tell ya now
When you hear that curtain call
But I know that someday, somehow, you'll learn to love.
From broadway to cheyenne
But get it in writing.
You know I'm beggin' you baby
Over there, over there!
To the California coast
Makes me scream
Oooh-oooh You were, the little dreamer. Yeah-yeah!
Giant butt
I was a face in the mob
While she's out doin' Yankee doodie
Grow it long, shave it off
Or you can fake it
I felt no pain
(pre-chorus)
Like watching someone reinvent
Purple mountain's majesty really talk to me
And on 
history
To make 
Well, I think I know who
Win or lose Oooh
Yeah, I figured I was gonna go down
If you think the moment's right
It's 8:05, it's time to rock
Is this flash infatuation
Just play the song,
No prob, we'll fix it in the mix
She'll be gone tomorrow like the silent 
One by one, little 
Baby, PLEASE!! Little ain't enough, aw yeah, Wow!
Lookin' good through the window
She wouldn't have heard
Just to get to Carnegie
You've got to give
 of great things
Do it right here and now
Gonna drive on by
Pretty woman, the kind I'd like to meet
Here today, gone late today
In my imagination
Same amount, woo! In 'n out
Wow! I'm gone! Ooh yeah! Oh!
Gonna wave at you
The matter of the real fact is
By the seat of my pants
Baby, don't get uptight
Constitution take a bow for the new revolution smile and grin at the change all
Ow, come back to your senses baby, we can come to terms
 words that you legislate
Oo, I feel romantic.
Uh! Ouch!
You be Barbie Doll
Tell me you won't go, you won't go
For in the end, there will be equality
Top Jimmy, he's the king!
Hey, Gonna make her feel nice So nice
Feelin' so cold
Ow, hold on
Yeah, yeah, livin' with the aftershock
banana
Oh, baby please, I can't take it anymore
They said our love was out of sight,
, the circus just left town
Once believed, can't ever lose faith
Whoa, the Hammerhead Shark
Yeah! Got to, got to bleed, baby
'cause that big ol' world keeps spinnin' 'round.
Oh Jimmy
Cookin' up that old time, long lost 
Here come one more drop in the the bucket
It's like you been here before
Shake it up, bake it up nice, uh!
Wanting my pie in the sky
Pointing their plastic finger at me.
I'm your wave-toss guy
Crank it! Blow out!
night stands
I think I heard an angel sigh
If I'm wrong, then I'll pay for it
Top Jimmy,
He's got the sound that everybody digs!
It's on my back but it ain't my monkey, no! Oh yeah
Is too good to be true...
Noone's pitchin' 
start all over again
If it ain't the real thing
 fumblin'
And you can analyze this situation
Take it from me baby
An' when I need somp'in to soothe my soul
I never seen a woman move so slow
They say you only live twice
So get on, outta the way
Senorita I'm in trouble again and I can't 
Uh uh uh
I don't, I don't, I don't. Whaa-ha!
Change
I wanna be there with you
Or honey, give it up
Lost my soul when I walked out on you
And if it don't come easily
She's red She's wild In overdrive
Is they are to life
De chimichanga
Mmm baby, make up your mind Make up your mind
Yeah yeah yeah...
The flavor of the month is you
Lord, a lot a' pride
People know the bar I'm playing
All right!
Thug Pop. Thug Pop.
headed your way
I'll give you bright red cheeks
They sent the sheriff down to try an' drive us away
This is the atom age
I'm a broadway bullet
Yeah, got to try, try
Be your own best friend
Oh baby, you know that I like it
Loss of 
I'm sure that there were times, life could be unkind
First you're up
For starters you could buy me a drink...
Wiseman, following a star
And I see the same old faces and I hear that same old talk
Sexy dragon magic
Of the North Star calling
An' he's unemployed Unemployed? Ow!
Yeah, I barely survived
Take one good look
No more tell you woman
Oh yeah, let's get it on,
I know the law, friend
but honey tell me can you tell that story twice?
Babe, it's rotten to the core
With my hot pursuits
You give every inch
Thought you'd never miss me till I got a fat city address
That's life, That's Life
And the next best thing was me
Feel it. Can you feel it?
Back to the cutest girls in the world
Show, show your love babe
She put the cream in my coffee first thing in the morning
 up your mind Make up your mind
I'm double- parked
Some say three parts dirt
Yeah, don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown
Ooh Ya got to have it quick Got to have it quick
And I said "Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does"
Cuz I gotta be kept
But all this here can't be worth my piece of the pie
Now they're pushing strollers
Woop! Woop! Woop!
Fools, Oh oh I live with fools. Whoa! Yeah
So the lone ranger rides again
I've got it bad, so bad
Guitar Solo
Don't make sense
Yeah, the Hammerhead Shark
Well you bring ultra-new
Ow! Yeah Girl Girl, ooh, ooh, ooh
 Solo
We were sittin' ducks for the police man
 selling each romance
Don't give up
God only knows
Philadelphia, P.A.
Unspoiled by progress
, it don't let you pass
Gimme everything I need
Today I am a star and broke
Not now, 
Dance Dance the night away
Oh yeah, people,
Kid'll land on his feet
We take a chance with new beginnings
When the moon is full
Til patience Ahh-ahh-ahh runs her course?
Isn't that what people say?
Woman, all you want is good as it can get. Ah yeah
Produce me daddy,
I got me my apolitical blues
Or it won't feel right
I never tried to kiss
Those eyes burn holes
I'm Learning To See!!!
Potential lovers, new worlds to discover
Last Call
A little atom contained within
Oh! How does it feel when it's love?
Don't you trust me trust me
Falls between the cracks
When we say our goodbyes
Woo, come here, honey. Come here, come here, come here
Why's he do it?
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
Yeah-yeah-ow!
It ain't goin' away
Just pay my accountant
Has got so many , bad habits
I got no time to mess around
To tell, or not the truth yeah
Cut, and that's the take
Well, just plain, clean, and simple
infatuation
Oooooohhhhh yeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
Kind of creature
How many
Ah-hah!
I think I hear freedom drummin'
Girl Girl, you really got me now
So baby dry your eyes
They said he used to sleep the sleep of the just
But it's the only song I know
Oscar, Grammy, triple whammy
What a 
An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Oh! Ow!
The less you fall down
get me while I'm hot.
He made her feel so sad
Got a lotta things on my mind
You've got to give to live
If you know what you want,
I got a fast car, go cruisin' down the highway
This time we got it right! yeah
It all just kinda happened
Baby make the best of what you have in hand. Oh yeah
make it work
Baby, let me run
I'm a spark on the horizon
By the time mine usually do
 it cool,
Reach out for me
Says it's a sex problem
Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh-uh-Wow!
Or what was he worth
Say live and let live, so quick to judge
Hey, is Greg back yet?
Oh yeah
Go on and say yes, and really mean no
We outta space!
This dream is over Ooo-ooo-ooo
Ahhrrrr!
Fall mountains, just don't fall on me
There's a star upon your door
It's like Peter Pan an' Tinkerbell
Yeah, hot damn, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
Uncle Danny had a gold tattoo
And he don't come home for half the week
Pretty woman, yeah yeah yeah
If that's the way it must be, okay
Sweet music sweet sweet music
Yeah! I'm walkin', don't need no ride No explanation, just wastin' time, yeah. All my time
An armed assailant
You know you gotta pay
There ain't no doubt!
Get the riot squad
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Gimme some o' that
Experience, Do I understand
You do the Dogtown Shuffle
Ah-wow- yeh
Get-get-get-get-get out and push All right you sinners, swing!
Leave your name and number
Once first, once can't ever be not everlast
Uh I don't wanna, I'll do what I please
And accompany me, to the ends of the earth, ah yeah
Right cuz I'm without me
They keep their boyfriends warm at night
Aaahhh!
I'm usually passin' by just around eleven o'clock
So come on baby
They told me it was Chairman Mao-uh
Well, up for grabs, up for grabs, up for grabs, I am up for grabs.
And we just rock on from there?
To get a goddamn beer
Lookin' for a 
The fact from the fancy
Ah ah You're gonna hear the angels sing, they'll say
problems
Whh'll hold the horses
You would think I really have it made now
They took a chance
Peace, love and harmony
On the inside
So autobiographic!
And I know, baby, just how you feel
Mmmmmmmmmmm...
Sucker Sucker, all dressed up in a 3 piece suit
Oooh-ooo-ooh
Miles and miles from nowhere
With the conviction of the unseen
I'm the one, the one you love
 'n clear
Tellin' me there's 
You want it straight from the heart oh, tell
Teacher don't you see?
Shake them poor boys down
Hey! Got to, got to bleed baby
I've been lied to, from town to town
This could damage your reputation
I'm falling
Don't mess around
the show
Ya feel the winds of chang
I don't know what it's like
Aw, but uh, she just lookin' good
But you I never fool
I-I just don't wanna talk
You'll lose her in that turn
Bop ba da, shoo-be do-wah
If the world loves a bad guy
I wish i may i wish i might
 to scare me
Can ya feel the geat
So pretty when her rockets glare,
Papers and smile at the sky though I know that the hypnotized never lie do ya?
Ahh-ahh And when it's over
When they gotcha comin' in, when they gotcha goin' out
Relentless
 poppin', ain't no stoppin' now
Told ya I was comin' back...
There's something that's left behind. uh huh
Under darken skies
I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna
The saints and the sinners
It's alright!
Just when you get
Freedom, never had no room for cowards
Speak in cherry red
So come on Ah every guy, grab a girl, everywhere, 'round the world
Would you wanna know me
Uh, harder the better
Ah yeah! Beautiful girls
Ooh, I could say
Till my personality starts improving
Oh! Gotcha comin' in for the same amount, goin' out
I just wanna hear you say
And try an' ease your situation
My stomch's makin' noise
Memory filling, filling this empty room
Show me!
No, no, no, no don't take 'em off. Don't take...leave 'em on
Is it right, uh, to take the easy way?
Got to know why can't this
Ah, ha-ha!
Is everybody ready? Let's go!
See ya in the funny papers
Dramatic
I'd just roll myself up in a big ball and fly.
But you don't want to hear me
Oh-ooh somebody tell me
I made up my mind,
This is ultra-glide
Ah We'll be comin' back, don't come running to me
You're just some lonely man
Get in my pick-up
So shake it slowly
Ah, y-well, Big Bad Bill don't fight anymore No, he don't
You came here for some love and war
'Cuz I swear I've been there with you
I got puddin' pie, banana dixie cups
Maybe i need therapy
Many times
They say two fools born a minute
An' I'm cold, yeah
Somethin', that's mine all mine all mine
Wake me up
that's what all the people say.
Blasting out the night, his cap hides his eyes
Least now I know it's no big t'ing
Cinderella, waiting for her charming
I tell you honey you're the prettiest girl I know, yes
 magic
Give it up, honey, can't race the wind
Now I've seen everything
An' honey I know what it's worth
Never even wonder
You've got Jesus in the west
I pick myself up and get back in the race.
Ow! Get up. Get up and make it work
Just for leavin'is coming home
Woo! Wham bam, oh Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
It's a long hard way but I'm a-comin'
And I'm under a spell
Oh, oh, oh, she get crazy
We'll make it last forever
Yes I knew
Woo, come on!
Judge I found a lover ain't afraid of the dark
This dream is over. Over, yeah Dream another dream
She said,
Yeah, yeah ow ow!
An' if I ask you not to try, oh could you let it be?
But even this I have to say
Don't have a heartattack
 in the sticks
Tell me, is it enough? Wow!
Walkin' 
Just take me down, down, down
Well, I've always tripped on 
And your feet on the ground
Could this be the one that got away?
You got me so I can't sleep at night
Honey, I'm in love with a Hammerhead Shark
Loopey loop, darling, darling
Now deep inside of me
I'm just a red-blooded heterosexual
Ow! Feels so good
Where the East begins,
And then you change your mind
Don't need to talk about love
I'm sorry babe
Tell me baby please,
Alright, 'cos I got my own world to look through,
Cos the next best thing was nothin' much
There's no need to be denied
One kiss of my lips and a storm begins
But not your sorrows
control
Goin' crazy,
'Cause I've got more bad habits
I been all around this great big world
Yes, I'm searchin'
Wow! Before they hit the lights
I caught a cold
 is all that it takes
And softly she will speak the stars
When Baby?
Oh yeah!
Lost inside my pleasure dome
To get half back
Strawman, don't have a leg to stand on
Only thing that's on my mind
All the other girls, they be put to shame
Well, I can feel it inside of me
Whoo! Gimmee. Ah!
She dressed like Texas
Uh! Uh! Come on, one more time
And we're punpi' thunder
Bad for the rock, bad for the roll
And now I'm gonna lose it 'cause that son of a bitch
More than I had planned
And served it up with class
Since you put it that way
How fast you're willin'
I want some too Oh yeah
It's gettin' late I don't know
You know you're semi-good lookin'
It is Ah, yeah.
So what you're saying could be true
You ain't the girl next door
Teach you your final love lesson
And a twelve room uptown shack
No man need defend
Ready for the top!
So come on baby, please
No Stormy Monday waits for you
Got a pocket full o' 
Now I don't mind some danger
What do you think the teacher's gonna look like this year?
Right now baby, I don't really wanna see your face
Now they believe it
I can hear you softly cry
Oh, yeah!
So many things I didn't tell you
we have a winner for the big first prize.
A bad man on the run
The essential difference is
Ah-ah Well that's all we need, baby. Don'tcha know?
Goes to workin'
I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by
Been a puppet, poet, pirate, pauper; now I'm a king.
With a serious pedigree
Wash it out with soap. Yeah!
That number is forever like the struggle here to win
Pretty woman, don't make me cry
When she should have been with me
First, don't sweat that little shit
All about yours truly
Oh-oh, oh-oh!
Only it was Chairman Mao
A Little bit of luck
You can't imagine
Let's take a walk down Easy 
When ever you're down
And you know it's true
Out of my
I wanted love but cupid missed me
But you turn your eyes from me
When the fire burns
Quiet contemplation
aggravation
And right down to the nick o' time
You got somethin' that just blows my top
Live this life of luxury
Round and round She got the hook
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on all that
Now her name is up in lights Woo!
Don't let this get around Hey! Somebody get me a cheeseburger!
search
Yeah you're leanin' back an' yeah, a foot tappin'
And I traveled to the South.
Got no faith, got no 
Oh baby, we belong in a world that must be strong
And I'm speedin', down that line
Yeah, they talk about you cold when you were
Cuz that light at the end of the tunnel
Once whoa-oh really, really touched?
Oh, little darlin'
I felt the settin' sun on my kingdom come
La-la-la-la
You got to roll with the punches and get to what's real
I know you're in love Oh, women in love
So when we face, face the adversary
Big train when ya' don't know what you're doin'
Alimony!
Ooh, everybody wants some!
Now he gotta see that sweet woman every night
Before he admits he's lost
You can feel it right down
I'm dyin'
I'm making history
Join the family
Hey! I barely survived
Ooh la la!
Gonna drive on through
Oh, oh. Oh!
Every day down here's a rainy day
Be sure you're hurting long before you fly 'cause, you've got me
Ooo-ooo
Hey Sammy, I found a hat and a pair of shoes. Are they yours?
Big river
Back again, yeah
Were the pretty little kids who didn't want it, no
Looking back in anger, the city is relieved
A live wire, barely a 
Just liked barbed wire
Still I struggled on
I feel good So good
Well all right Big Money Oh, big big money Big Money
And it's kickin'
It's all happening downtown
Whispering, In my dreams
Is this the one that got away?
 there ain't no batters
 will pass away
She be headed where the thunder rolls
Well I tried to send a message
Shu ba da du ma ma ma ma
It's really true how nothin' matters
I bet if you asked them our heroes would say,
Yeah Give it here man. Over here
Do i detect
Got drunk and fell into the water.
But not all of yours
all I had was hangin' on my back.
And make a wish.
Arr-heah!
This ain't groovy, this ain't funky
I'm learning To See
No borderline in the sand I'd trace
You'll get it
I think it's time...
It seeems like the harder I work, the more my body needs. Wow!
I don't know. Did you tell me?
All right
Waitin' for love to set me free
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
 to turn
I'm always a sucker for a real good time
There ain't much distance 'tween a pat on the back
Jump on daddy's speakers
Everyday I watch the tide roll in
Wetter the better!
Now trouble seems to fit him like a glove
Pictures on the silver screen
Hey man, everything's all right. Yeah.
'Cause my heart will always be, yours honestly
And I'll ride out towards the outer maze
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! That's what's comin' down
Ow! Forgive me father, for I have sinned
We'll slide right off
You're no good, no good, no good Ah-no!
Shake it baby
Strong magic comin' on
Where the guave worm, well he's mine all mine
, yeah yeah
Try to do it like the good book said
God must love the lazy
 grow cold, no
I'm a skyscraper.
Oooh We gotta try a little dance
"Gentlemen, our honor has been betrayed!
By the time I could teach him
He'd be far too old!"
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. I want some o' that
Goin' to the ocean
Hey Ray, what you said is true, oh
Give me something to write on, man!
I wish they all could be California
Are you online?
I'm telling you
The big policeman wasn't laughing, didn't blink an eye,
A line behind me...
your eyes
stompin' on a dream.
Thinkin' 'bout you and me
Yeah, you got to try
When there's only one under the sun
Burn that schoolhouse down
Well here come faster rats!
(relax if you try)
Won't make me a prince
Vision of light, child of the night passing by
I just pulled up
This is Last Call
She's as strong as the mountains, walks tall as the trees
I'm a real good loser
Hey, Feels so good So good Woo!
Spent a year there last night
Well, that's the trouble with self-improvement
Hey, you're both a bunch of suckers!
All my flavors are guaranteed......to satis-uh-fy
I need everything this life can give me. Hey-hey yeah
Ooh-oo-ooh
Two, three, four
Don't bother knockin' 'cause you know damn well.
This must be just like livin' in paradise
Say hello to my best friend
I don't wanna
Whoa-oh-oh!
See I was born without a silver spoon But I'm gonna make a stir
Good to 
No, nothing could be further
Fools, Oh! I live with fools. Live with fools
 your back
but kept the boots
A goodman, he's hard to find
 like this year?
I ain't drownin' just waving
Make it anyway
No sad songs tonight, something's in the air.
Pass the local 
When you were last mine
Baby, I could let it slide
Ooh-oo-ooh It's just an invitation, 'cross the nation
So sit back and get all comfortable
Got the first step down
A million ways, I've been thinking of
This is not a test
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on some o' that
Sweet 'n' sour, filiblister
Lost, inside my pleasure dome
Big, time! big time!
Stay Frosty!
Santa Fe to the mid-Atlantic
Welcome to China Town
Whoa, got to turn. Come on, turn this thing around
Gimme everything I want
Put the stone behind, he said
Sucker Sucker yeah, in a 3 piece suit
Do you believe?
But when she leaves, where she goes?
Shiverin' a-shakin'
With some 
Got a feelin' all in my head
I'd keep it just the same
 of infection
She can't say no
Mmm, you got to, got to bleed, baby
I'm goin' coconuts but least I'm goin' my way,
To believe in a miracle
I heard somebody cheer
Come-a, come-a, come-a, come on baby
What are ya waitin' for? Oh! Yeah!
Get up!
I've seen the damage done
But there's exceptions to the rule
Entered her plea
Ow! Uh!
But that was make-believe
Some say money is bad for the soul
A-from the day my mama told me "Boy, you pack your bags."
And "X" did mark the spot
Hey! With more time to kill
Got creamer on the table first thing in the morning
I may burn my fingers, want my iron in that fire
Now show biz is so thrilling
Give me one to go
He got a hat full of sugar; folks said, "You a lucky man."
It's so hard to tell
It said, "The only thing you know for certain
But can you walk the walk?
Give it to me now
Uh, I like it
Delusions of eloquence
 from above
Campaign promises falling short
Now ya don't
Oh, baby
It's all from havin' someone knowin'
mirror
 on over
A little thick in the bottom
French-fryin'
Pretty woman, stop awhile
It's only one for me
Mmm babe I know you're in love Women in love
Starting up all in my feet
in the middle of Tobacco Road.
And it puts me through the roof, and yeah!
A-from the day my mama told me "Boy, you 
Count to three and I'll be ready
The song
And she knows what love is for Ahh-ahh
Now I'm believing half the reason
Once seen, can't ever lose sight
Baby need love
Stop lying baby
Rock on. Rock on. Rock on
I really dig those styles they wear
Got an open mind, do anything
As fine as you are
All dressed up and
God is love
I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble. Oh, yeah!
Nobody gets hurt!"
Hey, let's blow it out here now man, alright?
If he don't land on his seat
Turn your cheek a little ohhh,
Mercedes benz
Before you send me away
It makes you cry
Ah yeah
Now I'm ahead of the game
. Ow! Bottoms up! Ow!
She got. She got. Ah
It's just a joke and you're the punchline
No talk, no action. I got no distractions
Ta-too!
I think ya better get it all ready girl
I'm on fire Ow!
And it ain't goin' away without a fight
Come on baby
You look at every face in a crowd
Lyrics for "Let It All Hang Out" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
So I, I told the fellas out behind the bar
street
At a flick of the switch...
That's a 
Happy trails to you
I don't wanna hear about it later Take it then baby
Someone's leavin'
Hey baby, woo! 
I heard the wind a-whisp'rin'
personality
She's good enough ta
Mama please
Mash whiskey in another paper cup
Come on, take me back
Just about time yeah!
(Time to tell the truth)
Well I can rock with anyone
Come on!
One more 
Shake it slowly,
Give to live
Could this be magic? Or could this be love?
Whisper in my ear, 
Right from the apple
I'm sure he thinks that's cool
Love is only to 
Till you come back to me.
I am guilty, I do use it
Ow! Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-woo!
I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you, oh no
And I don't wanna hear what love can do
Well I, I always heard it said
for your inner ear
All you ever wanted was to tap dance, run away
Talk about the high cost of lovin'
How about you?
Put out an APB on the Hammerhead Shark!"
Once, once felt, once felt
My quiet contemplation
Little by little gonna get it I swear
Down in Cabo
Didn't that 
We burnt the city down here
Its so easy to relax if you try
I's the feeling we're under
'cause any moon or mouse says he's a friend of hers
Fools, I live with fools
Have you ever really touched love once?
So if you gonna wear my t-shirt
Three dollars, first minute gosh, man! After that, cost ya four
To tie him up and make him Tell the Truth
You wanna feel 100 
Come on get up make it work Make it work
Facebook page
This is home Turns you from hunted into hunter Yeah
I'm goin' crazy,
No I ain't bitchin' 'bout the things you been puttin' down
 of the storm. Whoa, yes
Summer's here, and the time is right
My engine searching
I can't stop going out and having fun
Are the ones i missed
Come um-um-um-um-on baby, bottoms up
Don't ya trust me?
Get up, get up, get up, get up So nice
Oo, I wanna let you know.
You can always have trust in me
Well, here's the shot heard 'round the world.
Shuttin' down, I gotta stop this thing
If you decide to take the long walk
I'd wait for her parade
'Cause stayin' 'round here takes patience
Ooh, slip n' 
The backside
Ooh I need your lovin', I'm just skin an' bone
Check it out, without a doubt
'Cause at the end of the day you could just walk away,
All you bad bad bad...
I wandered out west
Ah! Uh! Uh!
Lift me up
Lemme show you
Man, what kinda crap is this?
Oh by the way, what's your sign?
Sometimes it rains right on your...
Honey baby my heart's aflame
Oh baby!
Pistons
Oh, come on, take me back
All the time!!
I made up my mind
Right now Come on, it's everything
N' all I nee-nee-need is 
And maybe there's a way
I can barely see the road from the heat comin' off
how to find
Ah-ow!
Teacher needs to see me after school
Grab me some a-that big fat money
Or you can take your time
which way
And I know not what it's like
I see ya shake and shimmy
Hey, baby. Woo!
Want! Want! Yeah! Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah!
One night he just disappeared
You got all the right moves
Now ya gotta run to get even
And I can't deny it,
She's a real state of independents.
 can this go on
Hurts my head
Have you ever really studied dancing
Bad for damn near everything, oh yeah!
Some shine and some keep you guessin'
Which the traveler can't expect
So dig on my refrigeration
and they were two of a kind.
The pages come alive
Is it right, to take the easy way?
 repeats her hour
And I'll give you the stars
I will tonight
Such good photography
Woooo-ooooo
Panama, Panama
I'm the livin' proof
I've heard a story
A hot dog nad a shake
Right on time, you will arrive
This jungleness badboy sufferer
Since we were 
winners
Hurry, hurry, baby,
And I know it too
Overloaded, down the drain
Of fascinating fun
Silly rabbit, you know just what it takes
Panama
Somethin' starts a barkin'
You say you don't know, you won't know until you begin
Rich was better, totally better
Let's slip away
Got politicians smokin' crack
Take me down Take me down
Yeah, in my 
the dumpster when you're through,
Mama look out for down below
Ah come on! Take a chance
And though I wasn't true to ya, baby don't get me wrong
And that's all right (all right)
With absolute uncertainty
When you reach out to touch somebody, baby
Gotcha comin' in for the same amount, goin' out!
No more! No more! Ahhh!
Seeing as how
Hello - Goodbye
Well now, none of this was planned
, I'm there. Yeah
Needed a girl to call my one and only
Might as well jump
 on a cool summer night
Go ahead and jump
And point where I used to go to school
Yeah ya know that you're headed for a lotta trouble
Destination is on the floor, give it up just a little bit more
Gotta keep things moving
Everyday I 
Well, then, how 'bout the doubt
And do you really, really drive this way
I said, "It ain't gonna change without a fight, no"
Baby 'cause It's Showtime!
Ohh, now! Black is white and white is black, ah!
Don't let this get around to the outside. Please, please, please
Livin' with the aftershock
Now everybody's suffered
And the radar locks on you
I'd rather leave that to your so-called intellectual
Really want that soul, little loving soul all the time
Take it off! Take it all off!
Just a little lovin' is all I need from you
Quit complainin', where's my agent?
Who knows
Spine snap crackie and pops, pal
New rayban shades but I'm a heartache on parade now
Show! Show your love babe
And I ain't gonna copy you.
Same ol' pickup lines Same ol' pickup lines
With a Philly's blunt
Yeah, yeah yeah
I think it's perfect timing
If I cannot see you from afar
Feelin' like somethin's gonna blow
Let's give it all we got
Whoa, yeah!
She's the woman
Ahh She get crazy if she can't go
That's right
You said you loved me only
He'd be far too old!
Ooh yeah, you think you're really cookin' baby
Woo! Hot damn, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
 of my car
Over the edge and here I stay
Hurt me
Ah, that's why I said
Get it ready
'cause you know it's coming at you
(You're Breathin' Him...)
It's 2 a.m. the traffic's slow
She comes like the secret wind
And felt the settin' sun on my kingdom come
Rinse cup, and spit again
Homegrown, way down-home. Yeah!
Well, you ain't been livin'
There is just enough Christ in me
So many things can get you high
Baby please, I can't take it anymore
Shuffling down
Big, big, big, big time!
Oooh Come on, crash on the beach
Yeah, I'm rolling slowly
Through my eyes
Don't piss me off, don't cool me down
the test
 down, hit the road
 of the hill
She'll 
Lost the rest at land's edge"
Somebody get me a doctor Ooh!
Don't worry bout the future
But who returns once again to squeeze you
That's the trouble with war
I'm bleedin'
Broke a heart for someone like you
Sittin' around just gettin' high
Baby, how 'bout you?
Oh-oh! Mmm-hmm!
Drive my 
And if I had one wish I, uh, I'd take it
When she asked me to dance
When I see you, all your little guitars sing to me
I pay for the rest of your life
Wow, We outta space
`Cause this little tunes six fuckin' hours long
You put a spell on meeeee!
And I'm cold
I'm on easy, easy 
Aw, play it boys
And she be up for negotiations, mmm hmmm
I do not refuse it
Feelin' better 
Tongue tied in a tangled web
Somebody give me a shot!
just in front of the wheels
Oh, why?
In this old town
Best part of a man, woo
Love of the craft
They gonna ask ya
They said he sang so good that the roof fell in
Yes I am
Time was on our side, we had everything to gain
I'm on fire Ah!
Hey you, wake up, get yourself together
Watching the girls
I've had a million fantasies
Try it once but easy does it!
Squeeze some honey on my biscuit honey to my melon
An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh! Uh!
Blue, Wow! it makes me blue
 on Hawaii island
Sing on Brother, play on drummer
You know I'm in a hurry
Well, that's a constant unemployment line
Tattoo, tattoo
An' he's unemployed. His folks are overjoyed
Round and round Yeow!
I'm in love with the Yankee Rose.
Woman you suffer from a color
We was makin' something of it
Changed, ain't nothin' stays the same
Stay and add it up or throw yourself out a window. Oh!
You look like 17 child goin' on 29"
Served hot right from the rhythm kitchen.
Oh, come this way, babe
I wouldn't know what to choose
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
"Jerry ain't the lovin' that you're makin' buddy
I told him
You Never Know
Want some advice
I'll keep the motor runnin'
You got my engines hummin'
I stand corrected baby
Playin' hide in your hole
suggestions
choices
Your Kodak moment's comin'
 honey
I'll make 
Right up your driveway
And now I'm really runnin'
I'm on cruise control
You make the 
I'm hearin' voices honey
There go them hula girls again...(ahhh)
You Never Know
Well, Hey, You Never Know
You never, I said you never, never
And if they're sayin' that we're crazy
I should know
Can't seem to sew
Lord, I've tried
A single hole in my pocket
Yeah, money talks
And I know that money can't buy love
Mine always says, Goodbye"""
When nothin's simple, then nothin's learned
Ooh, all mine
On the nose
oo, from the heat.
Bad for the heart, bad for the brain
You've got me captured
And no matter Ooo-ooo-ooo what you say or do
Well here's a little trick that'll never fail ya
Lights, camera, action!
Start walkin'
So I got her on the rocks
Famous people on there with him
You know that it is
Oooh Make love in the sea oooh
looking for trouble,
I'm only gonna tell you one time-ya!
Now that's a switch
You really got me Oh!
What you doing tonight?
Give you everything you need
I'll prob'bly be here when that sun goes down.
Heat wave blast, kids are screamin'
Trampstamp cat
I'm not up here often
I'm in your heads! Ah-ha!
Can't do without 'em, no!
I got me a chance
You can try me at home, if it feels all right
You can have it now but ya gotta pay for it later. Oh!
bikini
I, I, I, ain't got nobody
A smokin' mountain got to blow
All right boys!
Never say die
Angel Faces
Lord, I can't repeat
For the time of your life
Put one and one together and it blowed my mind
Don't you know she's coming home with me
dragon
Get up and make it work Make it work
Oh! Oh yeah!
Second flash, you're out of sight yeah, so get up!
Nice white teeth; Betty Boop
 dancing on the pier last night?
You red hot Florida trailer trash
Got nobody, no, nobody, nobody
Lemme get on some o' that
Look at all that money, baby
Ah, now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool
 it ain't hip enough now
Hey-hey-yeah!
I so love my baby's poundcake
Oooh We don't have to chase it
And I say rock on. Uh! Rock on
Ah ah ah!
'Cause It's Showtime!
Stronger than Sampson I declare
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground, woo!
Up in New York City Dancing in the streets
An empty heart takes so little to fill it's so much
Hit it!
Another world, some other time
Fire...
Wa-ahahahah
Now wait a minute
Hey, it ain't gonna change overnight, no
Whoa, oh, ohh. That's right. Yeah yeah-yeah. Woo!
Hold your head up high, look 'em in the eye
How do I know when it's love?
To go into a curve
And that's all night
And a couple fly
I need a classy woman
Yeah, yeah the one I want want
Ain't talkin' bout love
I can't tell you but it lasts forever
Well, she can take me for a little ride
Daddy's home
But there's only one way
I'll bear the cross, on, Judgement Day, hey
Next war
And when it all was over
Oh, that's what dreams are made of
Chase each other round the room some, girl
A woman went to court
Don't give up,
To love somebody naturally
And it ain't gonna change overnight, no
N' I see lonely ships upon the water
I want to do that with you, babe
It's only a one night stand
Tell me you believe
Yes, he feels a strange sensation
Feelin' lost Oooh
Girl, you're sensational and this gets better yet. Ah yeah
Somethin' you feel but can't explain, oh!
Is recognize the same mistake
Yesteryear I may be gone
Time to hit the road
Trouble by the dozen
Don't tell me bout your mother
Send me a dream or two
Big, bigger, biggest
Salt shaker, little lick a lime, ahh
, was how hard we tried
Yeah yeah! Oh yeah! Whoa!
She was a dime a dozen
I know you're laughin' 'cause it's easy to tell
Big train honey are with me
Ow, ow, ow, she get crazy
Where ya been
It shouldn't cause a problem
 at this!
Have no place to go
Ah-ha, yeah! Ah-ha, yeah! Ah-hah, yeah!
Cuz I can feel the thunder
Hold on a second baby
Blue-eyed murder in a size five dress
Remember
Hey! Give it to me
You and your blues
I'm talkin' forty degrees...
Gross, not net to me
Nothin' but the truth
Ow! Don't ya trust me?
A hot 
Well, baby, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm an easy man.
Here today gone later today
With the sex-pin pulled
I'm a bad little 
She was atomic without a doubt
Yeah, come on up, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
I can't wait to feel your love, love, love, love tonight. Ah whaa!
And was singin' it
Mama's little 
Dante's inferno meets the 
Baby come on
Your ticket out of poverty
Got a new tattoo that says:
Yeah I'm believing that you needin' yo relaxation
I'll send the message in a bottle I'll send the message
That ain't down your alley, no
Sad and lonely, sad and lonely
Can't control your friends
Texas pavement
He just a sucker, he just a sucker
Ain't no 
Now, who's that babe with the fabulous shadow-ah?
Weren't so simple, no
I been thinkin' 'bout this Saturday night with you
Gotta car that's cool
I was bein' all I could be
the menu
You've got to give... to live
I'm in love with you
I sleep the sleep of the just after
Counter blast, Interstellar facial full
So why do ya sit and stay at home and
I've got it bad,
Doin' time behind these bedroom walls
At the local mini-mall
Of your breath
Don't call us, we'll call you
 citizen, zero discipline
My other apartment
Come on down, Huh! Ow! down This is to Mean Street
Is that you?
You really got me Ah-ha!
Now more than ever, you realize
Because life ain't boring
Baby, somehow you seem to glow
At the corner cafe
Seems like everything I like
Pay for every 
Just stay while the night is young
To love somebody faithfully
Unchained, and ya hit the ground running
Rock on, wow! I said...
I'm gonna fax you
A dirty water dog
On her daddy's boat and shot across the lake Yeah!
Uh, momma fill my cup up
To Tell the Truth, baby
I find your manners more important
firecrackin' on the fourth of July.
Around pick up my guitar and play just like yesterday then I'll get on my knees
But just watch that lady go
the world
Can't let that little stuff trip you up
Uh! They'll run run run you round and round
Just like any bowl of cherries
Oh Hell yeah yeah!
La-la-la-la-la
You never get what you came for
Put your high beams on
Ooh I need your lovin', I know
Only adventures that i regret
Have you ever really touched love
Ah. Ah-oh-ah. Yeah
Honey baby sweetie girl
Making it last
Oh, so full of life, so free and easy
How I'm hurtin', how I'm empty
calculated
Ah, precious sweetheart
Otherwise or professionally
Sensible shoes, cuz you're the only lover who was ever true
I suffered cause of you
Girls just love to hear
Not me!!!
I wrote a letter
Got too many things on my mind
And it was now or never
We'll go the distance
Tell me what is it we're pretendin'?
Bikinis and fast cars
We love the smell of it
Standin' there....
Pizzaman, just wanna slice
When you don't know what that means
Sure I'm on the road to ruin
Got the hand put to 
I don't think so!
'Cause I made up my mind
Uh! I said I like it
 when I was your age
Woo! Hot damn, uh, burn an Amsterdam, yeah Yeah yeah yeah
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Big train or is the rain doin sixty
Believe it. Can you believe it?
I wanna run for my money, that's all
Cherry bomb
2 a.m. and the traffic's slow
'Cause of you and your blues
So tell me why can't this be love?
But the gravy train was late as usual
Workin' so hard to make it easy
And an uzi in the cooler
Take one
 and pain inside your heart
Takin' chances. We're the crash n' burn
Wonderin' if I've done it wrong
And homegrown and down-home, that makes one
Once. Whoa-oh really, really touched?
Talk about...
It's about time
I ain't beatin', but I'm bein' eaten by money. Oh yeah
This is the crime of the century
They don't 
But she was cool
And that's just what I did.
I can shoot a gun in 
Just lie back
Lived a cat named Big Bad Bill
It makes you piss
I've been out there
And off they drove,
If I cannot touch you from afar
'Til your love comes down
She got nasty
You're never satisfied
Some call it luck, it's all the same
Must be the place
I d-d-don't wanna talk
Come-comin' back, back for more
Ain't that some shit?
When you're surfin' 40 footers
Weren't they amazed when you were really last?
Down to Cabo. Uh!
When the 
So hot! So hot! So hot!
Ah, my teachers all gave up on me
You know the cross-town bus just rolled
I'll take the fattest chance
Speak in day-glow red
is 'Hey, you never know'"
Ow! He's the king!
Sensible shoes, cuz you're the only lover that was ever true
I never sent it
We was broke and hungry on a summer day
Like the sun on my skin
Yes, he feels a strange 
Pistons poppin', ain't no stoppin' now
Baby how 'bout you? Yeah!
Best part of a man. Ah
There's a sleepy town lies South of the border
Take the stripper who lives next door
the volume
Only gonna ruin just a little bit
It's her better side
I look into your eyes and dream
For your invitation
So many things have come and torn your world apart
Oh do it, take me there
It was heaven Right here on earth
I'm a face grenade
But "Y"'s a crooked letter
Scream, go on an' scream
What's it all about?
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now Doin' the dishes
Come on, baby
will tell
Hands out to your big ass,
Ahh yeah! Baby, got ta have your love
But not for long Oooh
Tell ya what it is
Holding the intangible
Well I'm running wild
At least everything I want!
Isn't she the moon queen
Getting serious, got to see the walls
I was 
It's about time!
Uh-uuh
But one night ain't enough for me
A creature from the sea with the looks to me
Movin' up and down Up 'n down
It's what makes the world turn
Time for these bootheels to be wanderin'
Three sixty-five!
No calls! No calls
And I make contact with you
We had a love so hard to find
So baby, make up your mind Women in love
That kid was aces
All I need is a beautiful girl
In our restless hearts
Wash my eyes so I can see
Suzy, Suzy, girl, for cryin' out loud
Hey, and it's mine all mine all mine
Yeah, she opened up my eyes Seein' what I wanna see
People know the butt it's playing
Because the day might never come
Are you ready for the new sensation?
But uh, better use it up before it gets old, no
Gotta fever that's burnin', you just can't slow me down
Didn't know it, babe
Time is running out
hey hey hey hey hey
Oh yeah Yeah, you really got me now
That your the girl I want to be mine
With the right lighting you'll go far
It's still the only song I know
Show me your sweet nature
With long legs
Gives the name Tobacco Road.
 at every face in a crowd
Oh oh oh oh Nothin's missin', yeah!
Buddy, you don't got to hurry, take your time
I cant wait, I can't wait
but the shakes over you
This beats workin' baby
 the blues
Cause it's about time we lay it out on the line
And beat it out of town
Now I'm a-seaside sittin'
Girl, you really got me now
Taking me miles and miles from nowhere
Ow! Ow! Ow!
In this town that's called progress
Sayin' "I can't wait to feel your love tonight." Wooh!
Yeah! She's gotta have soul
That's why I'm up for breakfast so early in the morning
Lost in a world. Can't find my way home
Bring it or don't ring it
Is held for further questioning
But that don't mean goodnight
Read 'em and weep
Want to leave right away
No, no. That's how it is, when you tell the truth
Oh, I like it
 when that girl was prom queen? Oh, wow
When it's love
And the tourist don't know where he is
I been to the edge
I'm all conditioned, thoroughbred
I wanna hold you and say
Hot coffee first thing in the morning
They're holdin' all the cards
If you want love if you want faith,
Shine on, shine on
It's too far to drive back, baby
(spoken)
 roads must a man walk down
I'm fundamentally for the individual
Now you know this ain't no through street, the end is dead ahead
Ain't no use waitin'
Whoa! Girl Girl gone bad
One soul, one mind
And it's club 
Baby, I could let it 
In a world without end.
Oooh-oooh Little dreamer
Junk food
I got lucky boots
So what do you say we go lookin'?
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, bottoms up!
Ooo-ooo-ooo Baby, got a feelin'
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
"when I die, send the body to heaven,
The traveler don't know where he's goin'
Small world till they lose your luggage, tho'
But luckily that ain't how she sees it
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
It's gettin' late Don't know just where I've been
And I'm comin' to you from All points in between
It's gettin' late I don't know `Bout 3 a.m.
A little lovin'
A little lovin' On my mind
She's my machine
Feels like something's getting right
Damn straight She's wild In overdrive
And I love to feel her Each and every night
She gets along Let alone She's premium
And I'm coming to from all points in between
`Bout 3 a.m.
It's gettin' late I don't know
She's red She's wild In overdrive
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
 out Kick it
Machine
She's my machine
Machine...
 Machine
From L.A. to New York, London, and Moscow
The monkey be God and make you beg on your knees
The monkey is screamin'
He's spreading his 
You'll be jonsin for somethin' to make you well...
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Hear the sub or human kind
You got yours and I got mine
He's hungry for 
He make you so numb and cold to the core
wealth
The hunger of love
The hunger of lust
He's hungry for power
You got yours and I got mine
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Make you crave the very thing you try to ignore
Everybody's Got the monkey
In his head or on his back
Hear the sub or human kind
Homos and Heteros
From problem brokers to TV viewers
Pyschos and users
Abusers and losers
What I say is a simple fact
Junkies and juicers
There's a monkey for every man
You got yours and I got mine
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Everybody's Got the monkey
In his head or on his back
What I say is a simple fact
Hear the sub or human kind
Mom and Dad
And I ain't afraid to use it now!
My train your station
When I blow this tomb with a view, yeah, all right
Well here come faster rats!
Third rail can't stand it
I got a steel-wheeled radial
That rat race licked
You'll be brownin' your Bermudas
It takes up all your time
Being leader of the 
Prophylactic for you...
Full speed across the nation
Just when you get
Santa Fe to the mid-Atlantic
or a passanger,
the top
 of the hill
double stack thunder
are you an engineer?
Big train
strapped to the front of a
You're on a Big train
you to 
just in front of the wheels
and you're runnin'
Whatever gets
That train be rollin' not me, I'm going before wine and
Sometimes it rains right on your...
and songs become a long locomotive for me
All you ever wanted was to tap dance, run away
I've known fast livin' and I know wine, women
Sometimes you win sometimes you lose
women turn into beer, the old lady and TV
Big train or is the rain doin sixty
Big train when ya' don't know what you're doin'
Big train time gets movin'
Big train Don't know what you're doin'
Big train gets movin'
Big train aw honey are with me
Big train maybe you're standing still
Big train honey are with me
Big train and you're wonderin' if you ever will
Big train or is the train doin sixty, baby
that station: and I'll be smilin' again
Always another train pulling into
Maybe you're standing still
Awe reap!
Can't help it that's the kind of guy I am
Who gone and made a life's work
An' I know folks
From the worst teacher goin'
That school's too slow
Experience
I learned half of what I know
And a decade later
Smart ones from the city
they still do it shitty
Then all my life's been fingerpainting
'Cause if it's art
That's experience for ya
The same guy that got on 20 years ago
Moves kinda slow
And as I feel it
You get off the bus
Had my best luck, though
Is it art or imitating?
With a big easel
Experience, I think I understand
, babe
You're comin' up now
And come to suspect the whole experience
project
That single moment on a bungee jump
Is it like doin' 90
I'd rather be an art 
Her top's down
You're down goin' down
Than just weasel out with wearin' one
An' wind's in your beer can
Till I finally made it
Yes, I'm sorry boy
It was kind of an experience
But I feel that way all the time
The one with the showroom shine
I think I felt that before
Well, I'm sorry girl
One shining moment lost in time
Life was kinda hit or miss
But after I made it
And I'd love to talk philosophy
I've got experience
All right
But I've gotta take a piss
Man, that philosophy runs right through ya
Life was Take a hit of this"""
I'm gonna blow by you
You got me so I don't know 
You wanna lover, you want a friend
Al, do you want a click on this one?
He wanted Wonder Woman
I thought it was the last
What love can do
I just want you baby
A vision of light, child of the night passing by
The more things you get, the more you want
My heart, you're breakin' my heart
Take me down, down, down, down, down, down
I'm thinkin'
Could be later than you think
the cat
Over, yeah
Uh! Ahh! Come on!
He went looking for trouble,
The tender touch is not enough
But i'm the right tool for the job
When I get the urge
Oh, no! See what they're seein'
Whoa-oh-oh, can you tell me?
It comes from a jealous clock
Ow, you've got Allah in the east
Must end with a kiss
 my wings
So very autobiographic!
Hey! Only fools rush in an' only
And then Bill got himself a wife, now he leads a different life
Cowboys and injuns
Never one for all with you
And I suffered 'cause of you
I know, somehow I know.
Take the highs Oooh
Yes, it's true
She got a doorbell sign...
The sickness in his eyes reflects
Don't tell me, "Give it up", too busy getting down,
I'm overloaded baby, I say "Bye-bye!"
`Bout 3 a.m.
Pictures
Your's very truly,
If you take your whiskey home
I mean, you're doin' all you can to make me sad n' blue, yeah yeah
If I fall shy at all
Space station, starvation, 
An' too much heat
It's gonna kill you
Owwww!
Well I gave her seven children
Now check me out on the good side here
Jump back with your heart attack
On a count of three
We'll need 10 percent,
been in the sun too long.
Yeah, and this one is outs
Man, I thought I'd hit the wall, ah!
Now get it straight
The ancient rabbi appeared to me,
Who are you and where are we?
Chance meeting in the roaring eighties.
Whoa-ooh-oh oh, can you tell me?
That river belongs to me.
A fortune coo-coo-coo-kie
held, held by the same hand!
It's a way out
Left me here to die alone
She treat me like a personal Jesus
'Cause I need you, need you tonight. Ah!
This suburban garage-a-trois
When love comes around
Mean nine lives doin' anything at all
You make me eat my heart out
I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight
I walk around with the blues
Nobody, nobody cares for me
I don't wanna find religion
...gonna heal you
Ooo-ooo-ooo I can't stop lovin' you
Oooh, yeah
Well it ain't much all right I know
Fire in 
You get it goin' and you don't never stop.
I can take the fall, there's a choice
And I see that honey I have lost my way
A hold on me
. Will lay you down underground
Heads or tails of the same bread
And it's play it like they paid ya
Ohh-ahh!
Forgotten empires
Nobody cares for me, nobody, nobody
and that's off the top
All you bad, bad boys. Yeah, it's a spank line
Yes I am!
Well, I went down yonder in Louisville
No, it doesn't get much better
And every journey's got destinations
Just lie back and unwind
This dream is over Ahh-ahh
Rotate slowly,
It's comin' out for sure
Harvest moon, soon will pass
Waiting for someone to come into focus
 and you miss me
I know what you need
Will it never be the same?
Bad habits
I, I, I, I don't feel so good. I'm serious man. I don't, I don't feel too good
and do that bump and grind.
Show, come on and show your love
I woke up to yet another day
The best to you each morning
many times I thought of quitting, babe,
Steak and potatoes, a feather in a bucket
That your love is all you're knowin'
It's never gonna stop
Uh-ah uh-ho ho
If I wasn't in the band
We're back! Hey!
She got a doorbell sign that said
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Show me, show me your
Ah-hah! Woo-hoo! Ow! Come on!
Come, get me, baby,
multiple choice
Dedicate one to the ladies...
No Evil Woman got a hold on me
Rockin' steady in her daddy's car
I tell you sugar by midnight I'll be fine. Flyin' high
And then
And the cradle will rock. Ow!
(Guitar Solo)
To what it takes
Lost in a world so far from home
 done.
Let it be, it ain't me.
Girl, we've been meant for this
And if you let cool you one time, you'll be my regular stop
Well it just ain't right
Round and round Oh, round and round
Woo! We'll hit the town, we'll have a hell of a time
There'll be music everywhere sweet music everywhere
I got a steel-wheeled radial
You need some sensible shoes
If you call back for more, oh oh oh ah!
'Cause sometimes it's not enough. Ow!
 I knew it all along
There'll be tomorrow night, but wait...What do I see?
Well, hey boom town
Ow! Wow! Woo!
and you know they play a crazy gig!
Lots of pretty girls comin' by the dozen, woo!
Blind to himself, he's laughing up his scheme
You know that you want it Baby
This can be everything we dreamed
Breakdown
To the barbeque on a hellbound train...
Like the ancient immortal said.
Are ya, are ya, are ya ready boots?
Imagine the mystery
I wanna live it up, wanna quit my job,
Well I'm in a mess
Tough guy pimps
Yeah we're goin' places
 Machine
No Eskimo to share with me his fate
One summer break Same summer that I kissed her
Just wanna 
But I got somethin' you need. Oh, yeah!
There's exceptions to the rule
I'll pretend I'm GI Joe, yeah
Well call me 40 Below
Didn't that change with a wink o' your eye
Waits for the opening
Wanna know...
Pretty woman. Don't walk away-yay. Okay.
She looks so fucking good, so sexy and so frail
Now more
 at all these little kids
When the night is through, Ow!
She take me down, down, down to the bottom
Blind man goes
It's a good impersonation
stream
But I ain't home, at night! Ha-ha-ha!
And don't like me makin' future plans
When I jumped out, on that road
I'm incomplete, huh!
This dream is over, oh Ooo-ooo-ooo
 out Kick it
Woke up in life, found I almost missed it
Ow, yeah
I know what you're dreamin'
 doll sez qho
I get a nut nut nuthin
 again
Hey! Better get it while you got it
I'm seein'
No no, nothin's gonna stop it
Don't want no class 
Looked 'im in the eye
98 percent not there
Oh no, but I think you'll find
Nothin' feels the same
Uh uh uhuh yeah
Safe from harm
an' gold brass zippo
One step ahead, one step behind it
Reach back, 
There's only one way to rock
Went to hear this cool cat blow
Come back when you're younger
Sit yourself on down
No, let the magic do the work for you
Where the good Lord split you
Can't comprehend the meaning of the metaphysical
By the time your 
Piano Solo
Contact is all that it takes
I just can't take it
Oh, no, no, ah!
I've been to Rome, Dallas, Texas
At the local Taco Truck
But when I heard, I took it easy
I reach across to the other side
It said "Gimme Gimme a call sometime"
I didn't do nothing
You'd be sittin' pretty but you try to take the fifth
It's not who you squeeze
And all I got from history
oh I'm a pushover...
Come on, 'n gimme somethin'
Learn these words instead."
Float like a buttuerfly
but my heart wouldn't buy it.
(Repeat chorus).
I'm chasin' love down a fine, fine line. Ow!
Is there anything left in that bottle?
Oh yah!
Show! Show
Well, back in the past when I was, treated so coldly
Until we meet again
In shining pick-up truck
Yeah yeah yeah Ooo-hoo
You're a nervous wreck
Traffic is giving you trouble
Got ta, got ta, got to
But yo cup was runnin' over
Oh yeah! Oh yeah!
Baby, it's the meanest blues around-uh
I don't know, I get down on my knees and pray
in the dumpster when you're thru,
Yes I am! Yeah!
Out where the west begins
Because we're hittin0 the road
Paint it red on black
Damn good times
All these secret things I've learned
You can make it
And chow down, and down and down and down!
Ain't got your head right
 and you get it tonight
I barely survived
I know, baby, I say, I didn't wanna half drag you
Uh feel my heartbeat
I got kinda sense of 
Holyman, take me to the promised land
Yeah, that's it...a little more to the right
A little low on cash
All flavors and pushups too
I see the power changin' hands
Feel the power
That's just what's expected
A slice at a time, like a pizza pie
It's my life. Get off my ass, get outta my face
Take it easy baby, Take it easy
So we're hittin' the road
You got me so I don't know where I'm goin' yeah
These are tears of fury
Hey mean old gal
I wish they all could be California girls
An' I'm cold
But I, I ain't never gonna 
, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm an easy man.
Make future plans I'll dream about yesterday, hey!
I ain't the worst that you've seen
Jimmy on the radio and even on the 
Sensible shoes, ones that will lead me back to you
And all I 
Ah, take it!
Go Home, The Earth Is Full
I don't know what I've been livin' on, but
I'm tellin you
Claiming victory, oh but that's not me
 your joys
Gonna go for broke tonight
She looks like Monroe
Your page or mine
And she said, "There'll be times. There will be times."
Never solved a thing, I differ
But I'm on a self improvement kick these days
Say one for me
Well I tried to be good
Man, I thought I'd seen it all, oh
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Got a steel toe
Need no 
Let Cupid sort 'em out
Empty pockets never stopped
Millions of miles. Oh, no
What you need is on 
In a word to the wisdom tooth
Sometimes a certain tom's gotta peep
Ohhhh yeah
Won't you tell me
The rain has disappeared
Why is the crazy stuff we never said poetry in ink
I barely made it through
Pretty woman, give your smile to me
Telephone, telefax, telefuckin' teletrash
At the corner my dog won't let you pass
I don't know. I might be able to make it through. What the hay?
Always make her laugh, ha! ha!
tell the boss to go to hell.
Still we try Oooh
Like a monsoon
Mmm, fore sure. Ahhh
I was wonderin' if I could get directions to your place?
how to get
Tonight we'll find a dune that's ours
But I knew I never could
It happened just like that, yeah!
This blind date is cash and carry,
Uh! A-just enough to keep me hangin' on
red line
You wanna sucker
Lose the dress, keep the shoes
Well, Mousy Joe got 
Yeah, what used to be
Fire in the hole
Don't ask me why I'm crossing over
 in a trunk.
, no love you'd call real
Oh, no! They won't believe it when they
By your naked eye
Big train aw honey are with me
 of me
And your 
I'm only wastin' time I think I better go
One, two, one, two, three, four
Are you ever so silent, when she wanted to talk?
Lipstick tricks and diesel dykes
You're bad mood's permanent
Yeah, but I couldn't wait to get back in the states
Yes I'm all fired up
And while she watches
Hey what the hell it runs, SO!
Spread my butter on my biscuit honey to my melon
Oh All I wanna give you babe ooh
I need some sympathy!
Like a train runnin' off the track
Oooh Yeah, it's all right there
Cherries on bananas gonna need a second helping
Oooh ooh ooh Uh. The harder the better, we'll do it til we're
Honey!
Better make up your mind
T-T-teacher stop that screamin'
Sit down right here
The underground. Whoa, yes
I don't know. I, I thought it was really gonna be different this time.
Just tune in to what this place has got to offer
She's down-home and down-home. Oh, that's my woman
Stands
Better keep that in mind! Keep it in mind
Or, not fade away
Have you ever been touched?
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Huh!
Ohhhh!
She gone with the wind
Contact man 'tween you and danger
Uh oh!
Or how to find this place
First you say that you will
Well, the kid is into losin' sleep
Well, here come one more drop in the bucket!
 dixie cups
I don't wanna hear that talk
Got nobody, waitin' at home
You find your real bottom line is when your
Runnin' with the devil
Gotta get up
I got news for you!!!
 ever say it right, no-oow-oh
still provin' any night that her flag is still there.
Tattoo
Now you're saved, by a higher voice
Someday, we'll be standin' on top of the world
You ready? Yeah
instant
Drive my search engine home
Ah, she's beautiful, alright,
Oh yeah, get up
Knock, knock
Uh! Caught a plane outta Moscow
Look around. Whoa, yeah!
Peace was the solution
Just you 
And my card say no one's home
Use my hand, I won't look
Hey, I heard you missed us
Heard a vicious rumor from your mama's tongue
Never losin' sight, ah
 Ooo-ooh
Once you taste the real kind
daughter
this place called Tobacco Road.
Now I know I was paying attention
Fast forward
Don't you know that
, your husband's comin' home
Put the pedal to the metal
 slide on by ooh-ooh
Yeah, she's right on time, I'm on the case.
And the cradle, the cradle will rock
Oh oh oh oh When nothin's missing, ow!
Oh All I want to give you woman ooh
Keep smilin' until then
Who's got the time?
I'm hoping you feel the same
We forget where we come from sometimes
One more piece of the 
Well I'm off the rails
To follow that road (yes I will)
Folks cried, someone had died.
Love that woman heart and soul
Won't someone tell me what it is they all want?
Sex Life, Wild Life
Stormy weather Oooh ooh ooh Oh yeah Oooh ooh ooh
Who'd ya do
Ow! Come on baby, good
What love could make me do
Alright! Uh!
Contact. Asleep or awake
Yeeaahh
Christ, what's a man to do?
The loss that you feel, I know that it's real.
When she walks, watch, the sparks will fly,
Hey baby, uh-it's the only way out
They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy
Down that easy street
He said, "Your arms too short to box with God.
Is it like doin' a hundred
It's a fact, and you know that it's true
Don't ya know she's coming home with me
Yo mama! Hey!
Homegrown and down-home, yeah that's the one
Oh, yeah. Ah-ah!
Come on baby finish what ya started
No static
A flag unfurled, at half mast
Now if 6 turned out to be 9,
She's on fire, 'cause dancin' gets her higher than-uh
Another ladie's nite in Buffalo
Due to budget constraints
And you 
I heard the winds a-whisp'rin'
Got that rhythm of the road, ah
Take me back
I always loved you tender
I feel like a running politician
Ahhh-ahh I know how it's gonna be
Not this stuff baby
They're out to knock you out n' put you down for the count
Now, I don't know what you may have heard
Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin'
Dolls by a palm tree in the sand
Summer of love?
Say you missed me...
Outta your closet Ha-ha-ha!
Now pay attention, 
 beat?
Next episode begins and begins and begins and begins
An emancipation, a false proclamation?
Unchained, and ya hit the ground runnin'
A great night for all concerned
Ooh yeah, wow!
 of an education
 at me, say "Outta luck." Oo-ooh, yeah!
I went out I bought some brand new shoes
No big thing
When it came to vice and versa
Woman get crazy if she can't go
Oh, He got a big ol' belly
Who's always warm, like in the mornin'
Oh, I'm so twisted and tied
That's what's come down on the inside
Ah-huh!
Wow-oo-ow-oo-ow! Yeah
S-s-s-sucker
You're down goin' down
On Judgement Day. Ow!
It's a major violation, carried away for sure, yeah. I know!
But then my homework was never quite like this!
Searchin' everywhere, you turn and swear
In my little black book
Oh, deja vu
Top Jimmy, Woo! Shake it baby!
But they remember the face,
Oooh-oooh You are the little dreamer
Hot for teacher
Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does
Ah-ah. Summer nights In the heat of the summer
Run, run, runaround, yeah Round round round round
All right, let's go to the back!
Everybody let's stay focused
Uh! She want a sucker Sucker
They never had no money and they always told 
And I put her on the tip of my tongue
Oh! Just tryin' to please you all the time
But it's all sex without love
'Cause I'm red hot
It's just about time!
We're searchin' for the latest thing, a break in this routine
Ah yeah! Woo! My kinda action
Some kind of alien
Gotta get right back
 that I've missed
She's a vision from coast to coast,
Sometimes a certain tom's he gotta peep
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh!
Thet he's got himself a job
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
My Karma just ran over your dogma
Build up, and stand in our way. Oh
Back and forth
An' a runny nose
What could they say about me
Outta touch most all the time
I got my back against the record machine
White trash lesbo psycho bikes
I can't wait, I can't wait
Well I ain't saying I'm different
 have packed it up
Goin' outta my way, know my way around
Forever gone my history
In emotiona starvation
I'm your ice cream man
Ahh! Runnin' with the 
It's ok, I'll do what I want if I choose
I'm up... and you're to blame
I can't take no more
Well that's bullshit
Do the walk, love to ball, just one look I believe that's all
No longer are we the minority
A self-made businessman
Hey, you 
How the hell you get in those tight blue jeans?
Well, I was workin' on approval
She got the beat and here's a little bit comin' your way.
it was in his eyes.
Right now baby I'm alone and I'm swallowing
He was a 
Dig it
We'll spend it later
U.S. Prime, Grade A stamped, guaranteed
Keeping it up pumping it up, pumping it up
Get it all right back
Drop at a time is all ya need
Now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool
Hey, sister, you're perfect host.
Only me, happens every time
Not over me
Not me baby
Something got the bite on me, I'm goin' straight to hell
Naturally wired
Justo for a moment
Of a dream
You've got to run to win an' I'll
Down on 14th street much quicker
You can fairly dance beneath her light
Top Jimmy and his Rhythm Pigs!
the news
Till my 
Grown to expect, expect more of the same
(Oh, my God)
1-800-Tell-Me-Baby!
You've actually got three points there. Ah-ha! Yep! Whaaeeee!
Lost control
Though our circumstances
Counter-blast
Whoa yeah!
Cause I'm filing charges on your soul
Well I never thought she'd walk
We see a man speakin' the word of God
I, I, I, I'm naturally wired!
Are you ready for some freestyle?
Now Jamie's been in love before Ahh-ahh
Stamps in my passport
And it's all wrapped up in a tight little bundle
I'm on the 
Big Bad Bill is Sweet 
Are a hard act to follow
When it rains we flood.
Lay your bodies down
Uh-uh. Uh-uh Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
Rock on. Oh, ow, ah, ah, ah
Tell Me
I took a mobile light, lookin' for a moonbeam. Ow!
Smile and grin at the change all around pick up my guitar and play just like
I'll try and I'll try, 'til I'm satisfied
Oh, and now he's gone forever
And like the good book says be quick or dead!
Eddie! Can't you read lips? Hey, hey, hey
Well I'm usually passin' by just about eleven o'clock
She's my machine
Always one more
Towards the end conflict off and on
Nobody ever told you that your
Whoa! Dealin', I'm dealin' with these things
Threw me a rope.
Whooo! Ow! Woo! Aw, yeah!
Lost, in this pleasure dome
Stay until it rolls away
I can hear dem po' boys tappin'...
Only time 
Humans Being That's what makes us We're just humans That's what makes us
Selective amnesia
There's a time and place for everything. For everyone
Nobody, nobody cares for me ,nobody, nobody
A lot like in the movies
Dancin', they're dancin' in the street
Won't some sweet mama come and take a chance with me
but what I need right now's the original goodtime girl.
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about
I likes that, yeah "Yeah," say I
You're Breathin' It
Crazy living
Don't wanna wait 'til tomorrow
This dream is over Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo
Non-stop talker, what a rocker
In her brand new red-hot pink humvee
And it's practice, practice, practice
See it, oh can you see it?
To a question no one asked
Shake it slowly
Everybody wants some, everybody wants big money. Oh yeah!
You wouldn't go
I'll get her
premature ejaculation
Don't want 'em to get your goat?
Back at the ranch
In n' out
If he had teeth like 
Ooh You can say what you like. It's all confidential. Whoa!
You in the future
He's got the look!
Longshot? That's bitchin'
Bring that dynamite and a crane,
Ba dum bum
Neighbors gettin' crazy 'bout the noise next door
I'll be lickin' round your knees
twelve
Mine all mine
You can spend my money
You're a totally emergency!
The more you do ti
All soup and no fish
I don't think so mama!
My mother lode! Hey!
 less is more, ha ha
Walk it!
Hot tub loosen up...baby's been soaking
And it's up the road
Yes, I
My words at best to you
 baby, and it left a scar
, I'm over you
Ooooooooo
There'll be laughin', singin', music swingin'
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh! Hey!
What I'm feelin', yeah
Ooh-ooo-ooh
I've heard it called by different names
the truth
Hey, take a look at this 
The one I want!
That's what I want
The poor folks 
Makes me king of the hill
 room uptown shack
Go Jimmy
Button up mama
Ooh, a la la la la la la yeah
You know some people are different, now ain't that a cryin' shame
Ooh, give it a try. I'm your last loose end
Only I know when it's time to quit
you to 
But when I roll you over baby, you don't care
And wanna be me...
okayHello? Hello?
If i get into a fix
I had to tell them baby you were armed with all you'd need
Real heavy
Down here at land's edge?
I respect your intellect
A big catastrophe, yeah yeah
Time to tell the truth now now
 when you follow through
They say, "Ya could've least faked it, boy. Faked it, boy"
I'll wait
But I ain't home, at night! Wow!
C'mon baby
Hey we ain't playin'
Don't bar the door, there's no one comin'
I'm so sad and lonely, sad and lonely
And baby while we at it
In a cool dry place
I got no 
You better watch your mouth
Chew your words, lest you choke
I can't wait to feel your love tonight
Spent one cold night in Berlin, yeah
Fate is my pimp
The love line is never straight and narrow
You know I, I found the simple life
One ear to the ground, he's listening to the dead
An' then one night in stunning victory
You say you're lonesome, just getting by
Cause I knew I'd see those girls again
Well, wish no more `cause
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Well let's talk about love on a hot summer night. Hey!
with the kids and the dog.
Once over, I'm over done
Ya think ya got the interest?
Yeah! But I like it
Wow! It's a simple fantasy
That's a constant unemployment line
Warring clans in lowered cars
Top Jimmy swings!
Money make this world go round
See, I been tried and convicted, it's winner take all
unforgiven
Oooh, baby
Yeah, and pray for sunny weather
I know.
Takin' 8 to the bar
and songs become a long locomotive for me
Woman throws up her hands
No it ain't, no it ain't baby!
Uh-oh!
Ooh, and there she stands in a silken gown
Won't recognize them anymore Ha ha
Ooh-oo-ooh There'll be swingin', swayin', records playin'
Women all over, cross the USA
I'm all feet up, watchin' TV
Get the show on the road
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Uh!
I barely made it home
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy
Have you ever looked down when the homeless walked by?
Ah I wanna love you, maybe set you free
That's what I want, big fat money
Standin' on top Hey darlin'. Woo!
"And I know a little joint upstairs in the back
And without a doubt they were out
And tonight we're rocketeers"", said Mouse."
I didn't make the world I'm livin' in
That we can work it out
Richman, want a little bit more
When it's love, ooh
Girl, hang on tight and don't let go
I hear music on the landin' an' there's laughter in the air
Oooh - i can see that you've got
Damn good tiemes
But I was young an' I was, far too 
I don't think it!s so far
I'll meet you half the way
Think that's where I'm gone
Winds up tired with who he meets
dead ringer for the big first prize.
Push, shove
Eyes that just don't see
Oh, Jimmy!
No good, no good, Ow-ow! no good
The ocean's roar will dull the drummin'
From afar
Mama I can be both of them I got the tools, to satisfy-uh
Ride to live, live to ride
I feel you agreein'
Only missed by a fraction
Just, get up and make it work
First come, first served, he's serving it back
Uh-uh-uh-uh-ah!
Little girl loves to boogie woogie, looks so fine like some sweet suger
He's the man the town used to fear
This is home, this is Mean Street
And she hulas when I walk
Or she couldn't make love at all
Might get lucky
I can see clearly now
Oh hell yeah!
At an early age he hits the 
Little bit o' everything, ooh, even when it hurts
Ah Oh, it doesn't matter what you wear
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-be doo-be do-wah
You can stop me now
And try not to laugh
Uh huh, I never stop
Even on the beat, on the, on the beat
Don't try to use that thing on me
Going crazy
That's how it'll always be
Reachin' out for anything
A-just-a hangin' 'round let me look for parkin' lots
Ooo, the hammer, hammerhead
Stay Frosty now!
So it's up the road
When he walked by, they all held their breath
Wonder who I'd wanna be
Mommy didn't need no little boys
 you feel alright
I been aware the ball might roll or tumble
 in her eyes
If the mountains fell in the sea,
Stromy weather Oooh ooh ooh Oh yeah Oooh ooh ooh
There must be a better way ooo-oooh
Sometimes you wander
I'm runnin' back for more
Slip in a dream or two
Seen it on a billboard
Come on baby, close your eyes, let go
Ow, ow, ow, she got that rhythm
Man on a mission, straight ahead
Woo! Look out!
An angry father
Woo! It's got what it takes
Heel rocker
How bout it?
Been that way for a long, long time
 from the past
Big train
I want my control back, but I'm afraid I'll lose that feeling. Ow!
Once embraced, can't ever be let go
'Cause nothing but the real thing
Oh tell me why ooh-ooh should I ooh-ooh
Ah, shoot it!
Is the best part of a man, yeah
I don't wanna hear about it later Ah hear about it later
King Kong never had it so clean
Ow! Hey!
Sandman, kicking mud in your eye
The white sand sure make a tan look nice
Get up. Get up and make it work
Take a bite of double fries
Hey, Eddie!
I've got it
 than ever, you realize
Nothin Nothin' else could ever do
Everybody else gotta pay cash...
Three sixty-five, five, fiiive!
And I got a line, Ooh-ooh you grab that pole Ooh-ooh
Don't say, don't say...
She came and took me by surprise Showed me what I hadn't seen
. Woo!
Ow! Whoa yeah! On Judgement Day
See you drivin' up and down my road
Telephone
Oooh It's all right by me
I knoooooooooooooooow. uh huh
She turn your head around
 is Right
And she might just yet,
A-send the mayor down in his pickup truck
Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony!
She don't like the way I wear my hair
Ooh yeah, oh yeah-eah
But not one thing I've tried
StreetLife, Night Life
So why do ya think your life is boring?
 here. It's not what you are, ya see, it's how ya dress
I know I ain't lucky in nothin'
Blowin' steam
I can hear the sound
Creature from the sea with the looks to me
The Atomic Punk!
Once shared, can't ever be separate
Ain't no fool could see
Now all I gotta do is get up, go out, and get her
the streets
What kind of fashion
And true love will never die
A-Bitch sure got the rhythm
Birds against an icy sky
Wait a minute, ah This is home Somebody said "Fair warning", Lord
I'll tell you honey by morning you'll be mine, yes. All mine
Oh, can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
She givin' me the runaround Round round round round
Can't keep a 
Hold on. Hold on, I'm runnin'! Ah, yeah!
Honey, how about you?
You can jazz it up or play it slow
Well right now makin up for lost time, yeah!
Though nothin's on the shore
Drivin' me insane
You'll be a grandma under 40
Shinin' red and blue light, yeah
An' I can't recall any love at all
Her voice is steady she knows
All these crazy women
I'm the livin' 
Yeah! Some low life flat head scum infects
I've become a diplomaniac
Know something to be true, then deny it
Got a rosy future, and a big behind
Have you seen Junior's grades?
Run, run, runaround Round round round round
And it looks like
The road to destruction
Just walk away
Pay your dues and stay on track
Ahh Ow, ow, ow, she get crazy
She needed classical music
There's always easy street
Yeah, I been in debt from conception
Tonight, no
If I get myself together
He wanted her tonight
And she said "Could this be magic? Or, could this be love?"
Outta love! Outta love Again
And I heard bells ringin'
We made it through the cold
Just a Hammerhead Shark
But the sun still shines
Big train Don't know what you're doin'
When it comes to you and fashion
'Cause we belong in a world that must be strong
And I don't want to go home
Says place but here
Poets try the same.
You can't quit when you get played
Burt not me Chief
I'm just a gigolo everywhere I go
This is home, Ooh this is Mean Street
Or forever you can hold my peace...
Yeah, the one I want want
 ain't dirty
To make us see we're Humans Being?
We got a permanent place at that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
I am two parts diamond
Too much exasperation
I love my dog
Co-op City first 3 floors
Drop dead bombshell
But this time's our time
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' yeah
But now I'm livin' with the aftershock
Got a good job, makin' lots of money
Never mind
I sing the only song we know
When you wish upon a star
Profess to love me, babe
In concern of time
And then some lovin'. Wouldn't that be nice? Yeah!
When you were learning to see. oooooooh
Nothin' will discourage me. Oh, no
I can't seem to get her out
And that just wasn't right. ooooooh
That special moment lost in time
reservations
She had her drink in her hand
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, Woo bottoms up, bum-bum-buh
Ow-ow!
Proposed me a toast:
Just a-smokin' and a-drinkin', I'm ringside
A solitary Buddhist monk
Married life done changed him somehow
You painted daughters of the Tong Underground
I want some too
An' I wanna do that with you, babe
Jimmy on the news at five!
Uh-ah uh-ho ho, yeah, gimme some o' that. Woo!
Ah-ah. Summer nights On a hot summer night. Hey!
Cross the line where none return
I don't know man. We're dyin', we're dyin'
sensation
How 'bout 'cha now, come on!
I need another shot o' your love
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Come on turn, turn this thing around
Don't tell me what love can do, alright
Yes I know it well
 now (the coast is clear)
An' hang 'em high
Light 'em up!
Well my baby's on the corner and she's lookin' so fine
You take an average guy, he can't identify, uh
Rhyme. Rhyme
Owwwwwwww!
Somebody get me a doctor. Ah, yeah!
Mmm, here they goin', my way. Woo! Woo!
Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Dead or alive
Don't draw the line
Hah, yeah
Yours in a simple 
Of all wrong they decide and the shotgun sings the song I'll tip my hat to the
Yeah, we'll get higher and higher
I won't, but I want it
Ya think ya got the interest
Lemme put it to music, yeah, I say...
And that is, I'm slowly fading away
I journeyed to the North
Angels gotta smile every once in a while
I asked her,
 good and I'm funny, so why'm I lonesome honey
I found the simple life ain't so simple
Yeah, yeah the one I want the one I want
Rhyme. Rhyme. Rhyme
Yeah right, she says
Quality time
Being leader of the 
Got me so I can't sleep at night
Just look around. Whoa, yes
Or changed the channel when you saw a hungry child?
I don't, I don't know, I don't know!
Yeeeaaahhh!
Tell me, what are ya waitin' for?
Over and over, yeah-eah
Ah-ha!
And that's my bottom line...!!
That we can make it right
Are you for real?
Flesh, blood and bone
A fallen angel looked a lot like you
Baby, you're no good
blow it up, 
This is Mean Street in this desperate part of town
How many, how many, say I
Kinda lost, sorta rich
What a snappy little mammy gonna keep a pappy happy
Mailman, looking more like your daughter
You really got me
You better bring it, or don't ring it
Well, I just can't help myself, I am yours to have.
I got her in my sight, but just outta reach. Oh-oh!
For a bird's eye view of the play
For me! It says no more, no more
Damned if I do an' then I'm damned if I don't
I'll bear the cross on Judgement Day
I'm as bare, I'm as bare, as a barren womb
You're no good! no good, no good
High rise, high rent, before it's earned it's all been spent
Let's do this bottle Oh! right!
I used to wanna meet?
Show Me
You know how sometimes, you got to run
Here we go around Round round round
Ow! Yeah
lesson
Hold you in my arms, keep you warm and
And you keep tryin', Wow! don't waste time
I been that way for a long, long year
(Here he comes)
Cause separation
This is the operator
They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Ah one time
Ah just one more crazy night
And when 
And I'm making it
I seen some folks fall
But I'll try, yeah I'll try for it
It's just something you feel together, hey!
Just like I told you before! Before! Before!
Oooh You know I wanna
Two tribes warring
 starts improving
But so much of that lies in our own hands
 me some Panama Red, yeah
What's the only thing to do in this town?
Gimme some o' that big, big money
Drivin' all the women crazy
There's some dirty work
I'm called: Thug Pop.
Ahh! Ahhhhh!
It's gettin' late Don't know just where I've been
A little lovin' On my mind
Stop lookin' out, start lookin' in
Across the ocean blue, Ooh-ooh-ooh me an' you
But you were young and bold, and baby
That's where we're goin'
Don't be a fool
And the cradle will rock
Wait like the wind, 
Well, my 
Is that why God made us breed
paper moon shinin' brilliantly.
Of a place that's not on any map
When the night is through
 with all your might
A farmer's 
Well, all right!
Lord, don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown
the woman
Like she's workin' on a heart attack
Dance, dance, dance the night away
I believe in fate and 
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Whoa!
I would call this bingo
Lyrics for "Medicine Man" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
picture
His words still racket in my head.
Always look so cool?
Nobody rules these streets at night but me, nobody. Ahhhhhh!
Some goes to women, ooh, some goes to Jesus
But I, I just can't do it all
Lord, I've been feelin', I'm feelin', I'm feelin' things that
God guides us on our journey
He don't understand what a man should know
She said, "Look, just don't touch it!"
 into my eyes
'Neath a zombie moon
From start to finish
Ooo-ooo-ooo
Ha-ha-haaaaaaaaa!
Didja get your head lost in a daydream?
Mama, i'm the one you want
online
I'm done with coexisting
That fallen angels play?
It's always here and now my friend, it ain't once upon a time
Just to piss me off?
Now ya see it
If I didn't think it was worth one try
Better change your tune
Turn! turn! turn! turn! turn!
Gonna blow this whole town
You runnin' blind, but you jumped the gun
Now you go on an' do what you want to
I think of all the 
I had me some drinks
 it nice 'n sweet. Ooh!
I can see you don't know 
And I'm not gonna' try to please
I'll tip my hat to the new constitution take a bow for the new revolution
My friend Jerry's feet are achin'
King-size, we were crushin'
And you're on borrowed time
Don't you lie
Headed for the skies
Who needs the aggrevation
Whatever gets
Hey, ah my telephone is ringin', they told me
Mm, these dangorous days
When nothing's left but death and taxes
the real kind.
Shyboy, shyboy, give it one more time boy
Baby please, can't take it anymore
Honey, run tell everyone
Act a little nice and kind
Oh! Juke joint Jimmy is the latest thing
Oh, right now!
How does he do it?
Alright
Mom, God, Pie the whole routine
The Atomic Punk
with the help and the grace from above.
Sho-nuff beats workin' for me
snowflake
Suddenly occurs to me
Still cookin' with that old time, long lost recipe, yeah. Woo!
Don't have to show you 
Napalm in the morning
And tangled destinies
Oooh ooh ooh Don't draw the line
I done most anything, keep 'em doin' anything 'cause
Ah, manHa, ha-ha!
Well, here I'm rollin' down another sunny highway,
Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo See the whole wide world turn upside-down
Blue, it makes me blue
We're having dinner late
I think it's high time we lay it out there on the line
Far as you ramble,
I'm a tough little fart, wow!
Can be held by the same hand
When the tide comes in.
It seems
You got to get right back to where you started from
Oh, if you wanna see other guys
I'm a regular guy
mm, nothin' like her in the whole world.
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Gets me wild
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin'
To be so mad with me
Baltimore, in D.C. now Dancin' in the streets
And you're a permanent stranger
You're pissin' Windex, no foolin'
Standin' on top
Danger rides the web tonight
It's Showtime!
It's like a full time occupation
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight
Get it in, jump. Jump!
Ow, baby hold on
Until I get mine, yeah mine
I'm what my daddy said i'd never be
Ain't got nobody, waitin' at 
All dressed up in a 3 piece suit
So, right down to the bottom of 
Till you seen the livin' end
Cherry Blue and Mighty Mouse
Blind to himself, an' he's laughing up his scheme
Pick up the phone, no time to waste.
Wolves at my door, wised up quick
And I struggled to stay afloat.
The question is not, "Does love exist?"
Uh! Uh!
Summer nights and my radio
I'm talkin' 'bout it.
A buck is still a buck in Shanghai
Uh yes, you are
Turn right next Thursday
Lights, camera, action
Save some money, get rich and old,
Got it bad,
But i can lift really heavy things.
And we're pumpin' thunder
do that bump and grind.
I just got to splurge
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah
But that don't make the show
Ah! It's a small change
And I, ain't gonna tell you what's right for you
Way down in L.A. everyday
Get out! Operator calling. Get out! Operator
Gonna leave, get a job
That meant a lot to me
I'm doing the victory dance!
I grabbed that telephone
To love somebody honestly And always trust
Never met nobody 'makes me feel the way you do
He made me see:
And I believe it's so
Need no lessons
Not to know, and who needs proof?
Woo! Summer nights and my radio
Checks in people with her pants in a bunch,
Ain't goin' down to no Crossroads
'Cause honey, something reached out and touched me
And now we're wasting time Now we're wasting time
Tattoos, scars, and missing parts
When you turn on your stereo
With no distractions
'Til we got stung
I'm talkin' some new kicks, ones like you ain't never seen
I'm a real nice guy
Everybody wants some! Hey, hey!
So honey Ahh leave me alone, or lady, you're stayin' the night
 your head is goin'
This is my chance to fly
Best deceive these true colors that follow one of your false virtues
Your social activities
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground. Woo! Come on
You know it's more than just some new sensation
Look at that
I'm alive, I'm electric, inspired
Now me look, I got this job not just bein' myself, huh!
As I ride your sonic, oo-wave
(Girls, girls, girls yeah I dig the)
Lovin' and a livin' and a treat me like a fool! Wow!
Woman, I've been thinkin'
Can you see me kow crack the skies like lightnin'
One time!
I love my little sweetheart girl
Oh, yeah yeah!
Dig it! That's right
Oh, love once. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
They're dancin' now, look! Out on Mean Street
Now I don't wanna know
It's what's happening
Didn't you?
I don't like nothin' in between
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' Ow!
I'm in love
Huh-uh! Ye-ah, oh-oh oh
Don't let this get around
I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
Pledge allegiance to a place
You straight up aces
I'm gonna be, yours in a simple...
I'm just a sucker for a pretty face
What American Bandstand is to the theory of evolution
strapped to the front of a
Baby, I never thought you would
No special favors make it out to cash
Better look out now though, Dave's got somethin' for you
Turn! turn turn...
Ah, might as well jump. Jump!
Once revealed, can't ever be not shown
Nothin' else I need
company
But little texas keeps things even
You're riding high on Monday,
You want a good one?
And I know Ooo-ooo-ooo what I got to do
I may be wrong but I think she kinda likes ya.
And I feel her from across the room
Ah ah You're gonna hear the angels singin'
Why put it off another day?
And combat boots
Or love of the buck?
, was what she wanted
Machine...
That white boys simply cannot dance
I don't need no stinkin' click!
Leaving here we aggravate you
Each man's a country in his own right oh,
I'm just a little impatient
We're gettin' funny in 
You'd swear this kid was 21 goin' on 44
Another ladies's nite in Buffalo
So don't get caught here in the city at nite
Got the truth bein' left behind
There's a fire in the hole
Yeah, the one I want the one I want
And skin like bark
And some of them just dies
Tasty, very sweet
Tell us how you do! Hoo hoo hoo!
Like a frozen cold freight train
All about your 
All right, I said
I wonder who I'd rather be
An' I don't wanna
You know I lost a lot of friends there baby
Right now Hey! It's your tomorrow
Feel my heartbeat
Work hard at this my friend.
Oh, just one of the mysteries of creation
Damn straight She's wild In overdrive
Whaddya say fellas? That might just call for a toast
 engine home
Simply pulls a string
 at me, look at you!
Hey baby, woo!
Yeah! Seein', I'm seein' things that don't know
I got to have a little taste
Wired!
Poised on the perverbial brink
Oh-oh-oh Ah Come on g-girl, dance the night away
Questions deep within your eyes
Yeah, you may have all you want baby
, including you
Mistakes
Hammerhead Shark
I thought we were alone
Yeah, feels so good, woo! So good
I was listenin' to the DJ sayin'
Pay for every dance selling each romance
And I'm about to go bananas
Work me out, the payment's cleared
Well don't skip romance 'cause
Voice heavy with the sands of time,
 where she blows
If everything is coming your way
Nothin' sacred, nothin' left unturned
Oooh Woo! Gonna try a little dance
She sang the words wrong
It's plain to see
Yeah, baby please, Ah-ha! I can't uh take it anymore Wow!
I can almost t-taste it, I want more
Then the words can blow better, better
Woq! We wind 'em up n' let 'em go. Whoa! Oh yeah
I got her in my sight, but just outta reach. Whoa!
An' we don't worry 'bout tomorrow 'cause we're sick of these four walls
Gonna give it all we got
some people
For second place
Tell me, tell me, tell me
 in his eyes
Reach back, remember with all your might
Yeah, you'd better zip it back up
Right now Catch your magic moment
Now come on baby
I can't 
Come on! Feelin', hey I don't understand these things
Now I'm hanging ten now baby
Didn't you? Uh!
I could swear I've seen you somewhere before
Get it up, get it up, get it up
Yeah! Love hurts you sometimes
Oooh
Is that me or Happy Days?
Woo! Woo! Ow! Yeah!
You know that you want it Baby!
You want to know
I'll appear right there! Yes I will
Be damned if
Just a little somethin', you know I can't live without
Some call it fate, some superstition
With the blues Oooh
Aww right to the action
One more payment and that's it
No blog-o-sphere to sell me
N' so they said ah-good night
See I was leavin' but I'm thinkin' that I ougtha stay, yeah
That's what I want, big fat money. Yo!
Na na na-ah na na
Don't ya let it cool down
Oh-uh-oh
Oh! I'm incomplete uh!
Model citizen, zero discipline
She been there before, she'll never give in
 to the floor
1-900-SPANKED
Communication Breakdown
She's runnin', I'm flyin'
 that woman fall in love
Once sown, once can't ever be not reaped
Here's a secret to make you think
You got me so I don't know where I'm goin'
Blue, it makes me blue. Makes me blue
Shine the light on a shadow
Smoke a cigarette
I wanna run for my money, that's all!
Ah! The ballot or the bullet
Well I'm tired of be'n a fool
I saw this TV show on toxic waste
S'got me all fired up
Ain't no Midnight Train to Georgia
Yeah yeah, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble
Homegrown and down-home, woo! Come on babe
Standin' on top Hey baby
Seems to move so quickly
I wants ta tell ya
It's all over but the shouting, I come to take what's mine
And the girls all get so tanned
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Buddy, better. Get out and push
They wish they could be a lot more like me
Woo Girl Woo, Girl gone bad, ye-ah
Yeah, and that's a fact
I gotta have mine, yeah mine
Yeah yeah yeah Woo-hoo
Don't light that match no!
Oh, checkin' out all the girls, see what they got
Say baby
Machine
To me it's all just mental masturbation
Uh-ho ho
Puts me under stress, oh Lord
Yeah-yeah!-ow!
Now they're polaroids and drinkin' stories
But can you talk the talk?
Anybody in their right mind could see, you and me
Who are you
If you want love you've got to give
Black sand...
Least I don't need to beg or borrow
Baby please
'Til we meet again
Like a dirty water doggin' a bird
Of the setting sun
You can feel it, yeah!
At the gate of dreams?
Well right now makin it up to you big time!
get started
Edward? Thank you
I don't think ya wanna test me, mama
'Cause I'll try, yeah I'll try for it
Though in slumber you fill my 
No, I ain't gonna tell you what's right for you
Baby, just spread your wings
Well, honey, whattya know...Ho Ho Ho!
Movin' up and down In 'n out
Now will it ever be enough? Wow-oh-oh-oh-ooh-ooh
 to too much rock n' roll
We'll burn the bridges if we please
 wound
Aw, but then let's face it, things are easier today
It's not enough
I gotta come back to see your face
Now, come on!
But tie up your camel and remember
If he don't land on his head
I can't wait, I can't wait Woo!
Hot shoe, burnin' down the avenue
Yeah, I gotta wallet full
I want some too. Whoa!
A genetical testimony
I'm feelin'
Crossing over
Makin' things so hard, 'fore it goes too far. Kick it
An' she gives me a multiple choice...
On my shoulder is a number of the chapter he was in
I'm tired of tryin' to be someone I know ain't me
This is heavy lifting
Ain't no match for your mean ol' man
 wide open wide
Whoa, here it comes
your life
And she said "Could this be magic? Or could this be love?" Uh, oh
This is the first phase
Well you never know when love will come
 bein' left behind
Is all this admiration mutual
Now it's about a 12 mile walk
Is this flash 
Pretty woman. Oh you look lovely as you can be
Ah, Josephina!
, I can hardly walk
I Can't choose what's not my decision
'Cause there's a function at the junction,
New constitution take a bow for the new revolution smile and grin at the change
And no matter Ooo-ooo-ooo what I say or do
Why don't ya get your motor goin'
Because I always lose
No, I, I can't tell you what's right for you
Down to the bottom
Girl, you better start thinkin' somethin' real
But it's time to do it over
It looks like ladie's nite in Buffalo
commercials
I learned my lessons well.
education
Maybe I should go to hell
Oooh So, Cabo Wabo
Seems like lovin' you is just a 
Cannot be seen
I got a drink in my hand, I got my toes in the sand
Alright, you sinners, swing!
No, J.C. Penny man. J.C. Penny
One summer break; and then I kissed her
Oh, tell me where to begin
Late for the dance
Build a town, be proud to show.
If the sun refuse to shine,
You know that you want it Woo!
I'll be out until the mornin' light
Yeah! Feelin', no I don't like what I been told
Is all we need to know
We'll get higher and higher
I never met a man doesn't owe somebody somethin'. No
All the spine of a chocolate eclair
Another accomplice slinging dirt
If I'd even call at all
Had the whole town scared to death
Ah Doesn't matter what you wear
Yeah! Down, down, down, down, down, down
Knees and pray we don't get fooled again the change, it had to come we knew it
Outta space, Outta space
My first time in the spotlight
Ah ah. Ah ah. Ah ah ah
Year to the day!
If she can't then no one else can
But I already got me a new gal to ruin my life
Outside the wire somethin's movin'
Feelin', oh I don't like what I been told
to the outside
Obsessed with this feeling, I trusted it. So I followed it
whiskey
I gotta know!
All my life I never stop to worry 'bout a thing
But I was young and I was far from lonely
Could not recall just where or when
Well I'm just trying to figure
Just a-smokin' and a-drinkin' on ringside
Well, you'll have the blues, not me
Ain't nothin' like it, her shiny machine
Ahh Care or even wanna try?
Her eyes don't follow me
Hey, I don't know
Baby please, I can't take it anymore. Oh!
Baby's really burnin'
My city screams of danger
It's my destiny in my hands
So can't ya see me standing here
Then the over isn't planned. Ah yeah! Ha ha
There's so many ways to 
 assured that
It'll smack ya through the window so hard
You corner my 
Upside down
I like to look at the long run
Straight ahead, less talk, more action
Skinny legs and all
It's ah, easy money
'Till things get out of control, oh!
Talkin' some new kicks, ones like you ain't never seen
So why not on me?
 weather
Got spoiled to death in the hammerhead way
A year to the day!
All the world's a molecule
I know, I know
Mama died and my daddy got drunk.
And the thought of the pretty girl
And the Northern girls with the way they kiss
Now, watch the left, watch the right
'Cause we may never be here again. Ow!
Though not in vain like our forefathers
I do the Dogtown Shuffle
Got a bad little' woman, gon' bite yo' ass
There will be a blue sky.
I'm in your, ears!
Ah Can't crow before I'm out of the woods
 past the crazies on my block
Once whoa-oh-oh really touched?
Or another passing game
That single moment, babe, on a bungee jump
Burning up 
Ah-ah Senorita, do you need a friend? I'm in love with you
 who's back in circulation?
 into your eyes, that hint of depth
You did something for the first time?
, there's trouble in the wind
They'll find a cure for anything
So, why draw the line?
 pleads, "Not Guilty"
Well Oh all your dreams an' visions are based on magazines
Down at the starting line...
Oh, Lord
I need more than just words can say
I just don't wanna talk to him now
Where silence 
Like she like to fool around
Nothin' left, nothin' right, now they want a bigger bite
Change, nothin' stays the same
 of time
I will surrender, I'll surrender to my
Come on too strong, when a little's too much
When was the last time
Better show, better show your love now
One of these dark nights
Man, we was happy
 goes on the car wash wall
All they want is Jimmy baby
Show it!
Startin' up in my feet
Ans I know it's true
 make people
Send me to your room
I given you my self with no conditions
Got me on 
Come on, take me back, baby
yeah you, so you think you made it better
Some brand new groove to sink my teeth into
Inhale before you begin
There's a fire, fire, fire
Got me singin', that same old song
Told Ya!
Seems the old folks who come up short
So I asked her,
Fallin' inside my own pleasure dome
Ya got a mindful of decavities
Those were good times
Close your eyes, get on your knees and pray
Got one foot out the door
Pretty woman, I don't believe you, it must be true
Now what you think is nothin' might be somethin' after all
Higher and higher
, she don't want me around
I don't mind some stormy wheather
Oh, hooked inta her system
the islands
Oooh-oo-ooh There'll be swingin', swayin', records playin'
But now her mama's got hte eyes
Steel fingers play a deadly song
Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble. Yeah!
And in the end on dreams we will depend
Everybody needs some!
90 days on the road is what I need
Ah yeah, beautiful girls
How's never sound to you?
Once we had an easy ride an' always felt the same
Teach in turn
They said the wild boys go head to head
If I were you, and you were me
Oooh We crash on the beach
Yes, I barely survived
Fine piece o' real estate. Yeah
Ooh, lightin' up the sky
Oh! They say I'm crazy, from the wrong side of the tracks
With a Hammerhead Shark
Face down Face down
One empty floor
I been places with my face
And with any luck
Ow! Got it bad,
Needed someone to love n' hold me
 throughout
Ooh I need your love. Whaa, yeah!
And a kick in the pants
Cause I get a lot of 
I get the message, 
Time to tell the truth now, all right
My love is rotten to the core
Listen
No, don't point that thing on me
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Get get get get out and push
Now purely off the record, man...
There's a river runs here.
 on the silver screen
What are you doin' this weekend? I don't feel tardy
To do what we wanna
Without you, without you
Ahh Ow, ow, ow, she got rhythm
Dance, dance, dance the night away. Ah, ha ow!
Wrapped up nice n' tight
, the sparks will fly,
Mmmm, said a little ain't enough, baby!
, can't ever be not conceived
Here I am, ain't no man of the world, no
I'm bound for dixie
With just one look
Shyboy, shyboy, shyboy, shyboy
It's no longer me!
"If you take your 
Well, that liquor in the night time leaves strange memories
That woman's waited up all night for me again
Come the daybreak, and come tomorrow
Seems a lifetime, ooh, since yesterday
If you take your whiskey home"""
She saw the 
If we stand 
Stone soul sister, soccer mom
You won't, recognize them anymore
Broken down and dirty, dressed in rags
Don't always believe, all you need is love
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
When the band be pumpin'
Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
All I'm leavin' when it's time to go
new shoes
But he don't care
Turn your clocks back!
I'm gonna be yours in a simple...
And I've got some good ones
So, dream another dream
I'm coming to get ya
Ow! Got me on pins and needles, yes she knows
polar bear
I never got to really know you
Well, 
halfway down the interstate
Why behave in public if you're living on a playground?
Now she's working on the 
One eye on the road, 
Oh, yeah
We'll do it til we're black and blue, ow!
Yeah so damn tight
I need a wild woman
 girl, ah yeah
Oooh ooh ooh Honey I ain't through with you, woo!
 number
Dropped and chopped in Alabama Chrome
Ain't gonna talk about love
I can feel your pain
He comes from nowhere, an' he turns on his own
With the power of deity
Without a pistol
There's nothing in the streets looks any different to me and the slogans are
Let it be like yesterday
On top of the world Top of the world
Just leave your name and number in
Spring a leak
Do it til we're black and blue
Around the block, maybe once or twice
 an' jump. Jump!
Yeah, please can you shine some light?
An' it's the
You know what I'm sayin'
While your back is turned
And I can't refuse
Let's not lose that moment tonight
Sheriff said to Johnny
Sometimes I just wanna do nothin'
Oh, crossing over
Over me
Ya better call up a doctor, feelin high
So dream another dream!
Oh, I 
Love, love is the source of infection
You know Ooo-ooo-ooo my heart is true, oh
Uh-I got to have it
Haaa-ha-ha-ha!
So baby Ahh leave me alone, or baby, stay the night
Mmm, I'm stepping over
Always another train pulling into
And all the rich have ever proven
All along we were liberated from the fold, that's all and the world looks just
Apeman, ain't nobody's uncle
Walkin' down a dead-end street
And it's club dates in the sticks
He's a fightin' man, sure enough
And stand up stand up
See it's greater than everything
It was right here all the time, time, time, time!
I wanna chase you round the dance floor
Hey hey hey hey! One break, comin' up!
Baby, say I like it
Yeah-hey yeah!
You can tell 'em
Hey, I don't understand
Keep you down for the count
`cause i'm also
Need a long tall darling, mama
Hey man, that suit is you!
I got the feelin' she don't know either
Oh, I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin' things that show me
Yeah, you just smile and the picture sells
Little elvis is combat ready
World turns black and white
It's later than you think...
Hike, and keep passin'
This is home See, a gun is real easy
Pretty woman, I couldn't help but see
Aces wild yes we am
Come on, get it, get it, ow!
Re-Turn! re-turn re-turn...
Far and wide,
I love my house
Every riddle and every clue
That's what's comin' down
Ah, can't ya see what I mean?
Ooooh!
To be on my side
But her hands were always tied
But what I do know I know feels only natural
Yeah, no mercy at your feet
Dig those 
Call the boss of bigtown
Staring at the sun, searchin' for the light
From just a magazine
There goes the neighborhood...
Yes you are in danger
No I don't like what I been told
It happened just like that, wow!
And then I crashed my rent-a-car in the pouring rain
And it smelled like vicory
The aforementioned
Comin' to get ya
There ain't no power 'round
Buddy, you got womens on your mind
Awe reap!
Lyrics for "That Beatles Turn" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
Long shot lover was a real bun buster
The underground. Oh-oh
And it ain't goin' away without a fight, no!
An' tell everybody they can kiss my ass, oh yeah
Of a hungry heart
I'm gonna try em all just once before I die
Some days you're the 
If I'm wrong, hey! Then I'll pay for it
It's gettin' hard to find
Oh man, it's hard enough, yeah
Straight ahead in front of me
Because I can't repress all of these
You should try my job-
Puttin' so many in life
I say rock on. Hey! Rock on
Baby Lover
Tell a cop, tell a friend, think we hit the stoney end
I ain't that smart
Ow! Put it off until Judgement Day
Ooh, when it's love
Oh, oo-ow-oo-ow-oo-ow!
You say, I cannot get there from here, baby
So it's one for the money
Yeah! She got! She got! Me hot. Uh!
N' trust in the mercy of the sea Oooh ooh ooh
So i can make sense of
I can almost t-taste it, it burns
Bring it all right back
Leather 'cross his thighs
Down in New Orleans Dancin' in the streets
Outta love A-gi-gi-gi-gi-gain, ow!
Harmonica Solo
 me nervous
Wake the little rug rats up;
Gotta get it one more
Or you can fake it baby
I'll whisper in your dreams
Welcome to my town, my town, my town!
But she knows what that'll get her
Towards those burning sands
Blink of an eye another shooting star falls, yeah
(And some folks say)
kinda quiet dude and sure was 'sposed to be back at the house
"Fuck me like Chopin
She was a good pal
And if you turned up 
With Your Filthy Little Mouth
And I'll take the scenic route
Let's begin
With your Huckleberry Finn
, honey
How bout a little Henry Miller
position
Assume the 
Tell me what you want
Tell me that you want it
Just let go
If we both want it so bad
Right along with that special sin
Or maybe you already have
Call me sweet lordy, high-master Jesus
You can do your penance
Right where you're breathin'
Make you wanna sell your soul
And it's gotta be good
Ah don't touch that dial
Here's a word about my ex-girlfriend
I'll write a verse to this song"
Ooh yeah!
destination
All my friends now, they look up to me
So come on down and get me, honey, while you can.
When it's, good enough ta
Ooh Tell me, who ya gonna call when you need that affection?
We don't save up
All you backroom boys salute when her flag unfurls.
Yeah, the streets are a million laughs
Honey, mama,
I heard about your lessons
Lost victories long past
Just like I told you before. Uh, before
Wa wa zat !! it's about time
Heartache's all around me
Baby's on Fire
, yeah
Whoo-wee!
Time to change my galaxy in case
Stay frosty
I knoooooooooooooow oooooh
Or don't fuck me at all
You can spend my 
Come on smile and say cheese
But we still got time to go
A hot dog and a shake.
When the sheriff found him
He's got the look! Woo!
Got the feel for the wheel, keep the movin' parts clean
Big river.
When a house is divided, it just will not stand
The day is dunzo
So let's hope that mom and daddy
Woo! Ow!
He's doin' the dishes 'n moppin' up that floor Yes he is
All I need, is a beautiful girl Beautiful girl
Clap your hands together
Woman bound for glory
Gayman, looking for another
Yeah, there is a way with beauty but you never gave a love
Oh! She said:
And it's a shame to think
Mama I can be both of them I got the 
Oh, here we go! Yeah yeah
Said she tried to leave me
No distractions, I'm on a mission
We'll do the Fat Cat Shake
Uh! Hey baby, I feel good So good
Second is, there ain't no other
Got an on-ramp comin' through my 
You want to be a monk?
An' we ain't done"
Boogieman, he giving me the creeps
Without a shoulder to cry on
I'm gonna tell ya all about it
Prophylactic for you...
If everything is going your way
No mad, mad world and no mad hatters
Think quick or you're out of luck.
yeah, I'm easy
Got no room to second 
Just like the man said
Scuse me, but I'm new in town
I can't stop lovin' you Ooooo
You're gonna make me crash
Into the atom age
Ooh I need your love!
The baddest cat alive!
Miles and miles and miles from nowhere
Honey, hang on tight
And a 
Yeah, we were lauthin'
If I cannot kiss you from afar
This beat has got mixed blood
I'm a thoroughbred Less talk, more action, with no distraction Ooooo
And we had some
I journeyed to the East
The barn burnt down now I can see the moon
A live wire, barely a beginner
It solved some crackhead dealer
Can't ever be untouched
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, bottoms up
But I am doing well
Yes, I'm all fired up
One thing you must believe
Come on baby, you say yeah
All around pick up my guitar and play just like yesterday then I'll get on my
Here's a word about my ex-girlfriend
Whoa, you don't have to die an' go to heaven
She got the stereo with the big guitars
By keepin' the dream alive
When you find what you want isn't even the thing you need.
He grew up square
One light that shines
Yes I do!
I've always liked those kind of high heels, too, ya know I...
Oh! Woo!
If you want love
What the asian call
All you bad woo! bad boys. Just, call her up. Ha! Call her up
Cos I'm cold
Talk about the apolitical blues
Oh baby, this blows 'em all away
So if you seein' down my backstreets
Feel my heartbeat Ah
Yeah, there's still some fight in me
Yeah, my guise could use some refinement
North n' South, East n' West, right n' left
She wanted something to regret
You're old enough to
Ow, Top Jimmy cooks!
She ain't waiting 'til she gets older
I got the tools. I'll satisfy ya
If I'm right, yeah, you're gonna deal with it
Than your morals
Does it seem cold in here to you? Ah man
I'll try and I'll cry, even die for it
Well, call it love or call it murder
Bright lights, city lights...
So if you're feeling like
Maybe I'm crazy or just too high
But yesterday I was alone
Baby, pull the string
Someplace to feast my eyes, oh
Baby, yeah, I think that you're headed for some trouble
Love comes walkin' in
I've been rich and I've been poor
Well, I could take a little cold shot
No one talks about the times you cried
Got the finger...put it right there on the trigger
continued
Right now, it's right now
Oh baby, baby, baby, don't give up,
Are you ready for a 
The more you do it
Wow! 'Cause they love it, when me an' the boys
Has so many bad habits
Ah don't touch that dial
bring it back to Tobacco Road.
Baby, why can't this be love?
Stay frosty now.
Here she comes, full blast and top down
I really do want to go
Every beer that I pour in me
As Is is how I follow through
Oh, I, I, I tell you what love can do
I got a one track mind
Ow! Whoo! Woo!
Headless body in a topless bar
Oh oh oh oh You can feel it, yeah!
Where have all the good times gone?
No distractions
Swear to god it make ya
Now, come on baby!
That band is on the radio
I know, I don't ask for permission
Yeah, you reach for the golden ring
Tell your star reporter
Bullethead
Mucha chamiga
A Tweedle dumb and Tweedle dumber
Said, I came here to waste some time
(foxy lady)
Hear your voice again
Show your love babe
You got a hold on me
She wants a good life, ah! An' all the best
Stone you like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
It's not yours, it's not mine, no-oh
Somewhere, he lost it in a turn
They're hoping soon my kind will drop and die,
Oooh ooh ooh S-s-s-sucker Sucker
Whoa! Bbbbbbb
Power slide ain't ya heard?
Some folks say `easy come is easy go'
Picknicking hard in your moma's backyard
Uh, mama, just tell him anything
It's layin' out all night
message
We're black and blue! Uh
The ugly duckings
Love takes a little time
Who's your favourite page
Yeah! I'm feelin' over fine
Ah-ah-ah
"when I die, send the body to heaven,
The traveler don't know where he's goin'
Small world till they lose your luggage, tho'
But luckily that ain't how she sees it
You won't find me hangin' round
But it's my life
When that evenin'
Sun go down
Ain't no good life
I know the Night Life
Yeah, but it's my life
Bout some old used to be
All the people
They all just dreamin'
Just like you and me
Ain't no good life
They know the Night Life
Nothing but people
 to the blues
Yeah, but it's my life
Hear what they say
A whold boulevard of broken dreams
Listen to the blues, baby
Baby, 
Wait a minute
Don't tell me life
What's that I think I hear, I say!
Hear the guitar 
Cause I know the Night Life
Ain't no good life
Is just an empty thing
listen
And put it on your skin
First I take my finger
And then it turns to red again
Makes a little white mark
And you got nothin' to do
Come on up to the roof
And you wanna get a sunburn
So if you're lazy on a Sunday
The city's fairly steamin'
I think your nose is peelin'
The sun is hot and clear
I can taste your skin from here
Come on up to the roof
And you wanna get a Sunburn
Any Tuesday'll do
So if you're lazy on a Sunday
Looked like 
See, I was up here yesterday
Sounds like...
 upon a music paper
Gets the last line
Saw some pigeons on a power line
I wrote it down
 Manhatten
We burnt the city down here
You're Breathin' It
Dante's inferno meets the 
(Night Life)
Street Life, Night Life
 is Right
And it smelled like vicory
(Wild Life)
A lot like in the movies
Sex Life, Wild Life
Late last night
(Street Life)
(Sex Life)
Are ya scared?
Atmosphere
It makes you laugh
It makes you piss
It makes you cry
With some 
I barely made it through
 and a few CDs
new shoes
Now I don't mind some danger
So, I took a little hit
You're Breathin' It
(Night Life)
StreetLife, Night Life
(Wild Life)
Sex Life, Wild Life
Just when I'm gettin' kinda used to the taste
I saw this TV show on toxic waste
Don't have a heartattack
(Street Life)
(Sex Life)
Are ya scared?
And now a message 'bout the ozone layer
You're Breathin' It
Atmosphere
It makes you laugh
It makes you piss
It makes you cry
Never solved a thing, I differ
It solved some crackhead dealer
You're Breathin' It
StreetLife, Night Life
Down on 14th street much quicker
And if you're wondering where our homeboy is 'bout now
Sex Life, Wild Life
And if you think that violence
Don't have a heartattack
Explosions way uptown
(You're Breathin' Him...)
If I can make it there
I'm gonna be a part of it
I'm leavin' today
In old New York
Start spreadin' the news
New York, New York
These vagabond shoes are ready to stray
I make it anywhere
And I don't think the devil's
I don't think so!
Me from singing a blue streak, no
Empty pockets never stopped
Ever gonna give me back
Hey mean old gal
Yes I did, baby
It's like a full time 
Yeah I'm the same old number
You know the cross-town bus just rolled
But we still got time to go
'Cause stayin' 'round here takes patience
occupation
I've become a diplomaniac
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Yeah I'm believing that you needin' yo relaxation
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
I don't think so mama!
but honey tell me can you tell that story twice?
No it ain't, no it ain't baby!
I think ya better get it all ready girl
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
; and then I kissed her
'Cause there's a function at the junction,
Yes I am!
See I was born without a silver spoon But I'm gonna make a stir
And was singin' it
On her daddy's boat and shot accross the lake
One summer 
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
One summer break Same summer that I kissed her
On her daddy's boat and shot across the lake Yeah!
Baby, PLEASE!! Little ain't enough, aw yeah, Wow!
Mmmm, said a little ain't enough, baby!
No it ain't baby, no it ain't!
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Just a paradise on a roll
Well, look at me
Fatality on a Saturday night
Well, honey I know you never satisfied
Is this a blessing in disguise?
Right between the eyes
Got me in her sights
You better...
C'Mon and take the fat chance
Sit back and let it all unfold
This ain't suicide
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
Not how much you make
how much
 to me
Is it good for you, 'cause it's good for me!
And you can tell 'em last night
You say you don't wanna dance
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Shut yo' mouth an' hit the floor
That it's all 
You Better...
How's your love life, how's your sister
And blame it all on rock'n'roll
Ooh, I can't resist
Honey 
 you spend, baby
That you was blind to see
Is this the one that gets away?
Well, lemme tell ya my friend
listen
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Talkin' about me, baby
Shoot it, Shoot it
Is it good for you, it's good for me!
Want some good clean fun?
You say you don't wanna dance
Well, I heard you play with guns
But you can trust in me
Don't cry wolf too many times, baby
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Honey listen to me
An' I see you got a vacancy!
Whoo! Dressed to the nines
Shut yo' mouth an' hit the floor
And you can tell 'em last night
And blame it all on rock'n'roll
That you was blind to see
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
I'm just a movin' target, mama
You pull yo gun, you better...
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Is it good for you, 'cause it's great for me!
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
Is it good for you?
Set 'em up, Shoot 'em down
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
It's unbelievably spectacular from over here, baby...
A friend in need, I love ya honey!
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
I can't deny that woman is mine, all right
Between trouble an' my Lady Luck
Clear off the beaten path
I'm off an' runnin'
But I know that I ain't comin' back
But I can't wait to get there
Don't know where I'm goin'
will tell
Sometimes I laugh to win
Aww yeah!
An' only time 
I don't know where I'm goin'
Cause he who laughs lasts
Casts a magic spell
Time after time I'm walkin' the line
Will I make that turn?
I see the headlights burnin'
Only time will tell!
And ride 'em cowboy that we did
She liked to ride 'em 
Between trouble an' my Lady Luck
cowboy
Who can take me, baby?
Who can tell it well?
Lady Luck
More than most could stand
Don't sing me ballads
Then she found another man
Pass the buck an' live it up
Lady Luck, yeah!
Life's a game for me
Who can race me child?
Time after time I'm walkin' the line
I can't deny that woman is mine, all right
So don't throw that book at me
She said...
Now baby please, baby...Please!
Mine all right
I'm hot!!
Whoa, all right...
Baby please...
Never leave me Lady Luck
Woh, yeah, Lady of mine, yeah
Ow...all right
Lady Luck
Aww right!
I seen your behind, aw yeah
Hear the light'nin', whoa yeah
Trouble ahead, trouble behind
Oooh, baby
All right
Lady luck, I tried to please tho'
Trouble ahead, Trouble behind
And fear the thunder, whoa yeah
'Fore ya float that arc
You better save me a space
Kings lay with whores
Well, it's time to go
Whoa yeah, the Hammerhead Shark
And a time of grief
Now, now now Johnny liked to drink and fight
Yeah the world was wicked
And their 
It was a time of trouble
Noah said to his missus
 were cold
For my hammerhead shark
hearts
And begat thieves
And he raised big hell every Saturday night
Lord said to Noah
You musta rumbled it up
Mmm, the Hammerhead Shark
By the time I could teach him
Honey, I'm in love with a Hammerhead Shark"
double stack thunder
And told her these words
Oh Takers need a giver, this much we understand
Got the fearin', power steerin'
Go ahead
I wanna chase you cross the dance floor at that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
Once dawn, can't ever be not light
Sound a little bit absurd. Hey! And a little too late
I have those same dreams
But ask yourself later
To east L.A.
Lose the dress
I don't wanna drive alone tonight
That's the thing about self-improvement
I know you never thought about it
Looked me in the eye
My blinders up
The debris meets the sea
More value, pass the buck.
Well, things got bad and things got worse
I'll freeze the smile on your face
High crime zone, in the city o' lights
I was leavin' but I'm thinkin' that I ougtha stay, yeah
I see it comin'
If I'm right, yeah you're gonna hear about it
Big dreamers never sleep (No they don't)
Look beyond the kung-fu fighting.
By any means necessary
Been a puppet, pirate, a poet, a pauper, a pawn and a king.
 I'm checkin' out, I think you oughta know
That when you 
On the rest of me
Outta love Oh! Once again, ahhh
You're afraid of the dark
Did ya break a heart, like little girls often do?
Time rools on
that station: and I'll be smilin' again
Sure, we was acting like a couple of kids
And there's a short supply of her fine, fine stuff
Well we're gonna 
But before we do
 it right
White collared conservative flashing down the street,
Ooo-oo-ooo
Gotta make the choice
I'm the one you want
I'm easy,
At the 'leventh hour I'm goin' back outside
 and a few CDs
Never say die!
Oh girl, do it, come on
None of 'em know it
So, I took a little hit
I look good and I'm funny, so why'm I lonesome honey
Of any city thoughts and city ways
Clarinet Solo
Turn your radios on
To change your life, to lose your place in time
Now do you talk the talk?
I can never be free
A little more volume in the headphones please...
Vampire
 the seventh seal
We'll do lunch on the cutting floor
You better find yourself a friend, my friend
Ow! Come on and finish me!
How deep does a rabbit hole go?
Ooh, I'm just a pushover
I'm on a mission
Coin of the realm
And I know you know I got no special plans Special plans
Before it makes me sick
Well East coast girls are hip
Whoo! Sweet little wishbone, oh yeah
Let me count the ways you rock my world
Ow! Hey, hey, hey!
Beggin' you baby, beggin' on my bended knees I'm on my knees
Be love?
His platform could I endorse
Leather 'cross his thigh
And who's that standin' there in the corner?
That's what's comin' down On my butt, anyway. Heh heh
A fire!
Guitar
There ain't a promise that you won't make
I said, "Hey, you never know" And the hula girls go...(ahhh)
Now, every 
Catch as catch, catch as catch can
source
On the 
She up and left and I almost died
 to a sea shell
Some self-made guy gets it in the ass
Daddy didn't need no little toys
And I'd love to get to know the natives
Great ones for living under
And he didn't even stop the show
I wanna tell you now
Gonna fix it so you never leave
Produce it, better use it
And then they went and they 
Just a shark on the street mama
I am you and you are me
Do you? Ooo! Do You? Yeah
Go west young man? Aww rite!!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
"Honey read the small 
Right up the middle
Satisfaction guaranteed
Tight as a fiddle string
You'll slip right down her drain
Extra point and you're never the same
the game
Touchdown and that's 
Graspin' straws an' that ain't all
Try it once but easy does it!
Drop at a time is all ya need
Shot right through the brain
Try it twice, ya gotta love it!
And her hot pants started late
Had a sunny disposition
No I did not hesitate
And a somewhat shady past
She said, Look, just don't touch it!"""
Don't you worry bout the morning
Every time I bloomed again
You really got me Whoa-oh
Come on Dave, gimme a break
Pretty woman, say you'll stay with me
Dream another dream Dream another dream
Are you sporting 
But I, I don't never let it get me down
Guys gotta see it
You are near
You gotta cook a lot of rice."
Well I'm running wild, lost control
I, I'm naturally wired
Oh Lord, I heard the shotgun
Whuh! Whuh! Whuh! Whuh!
Don't tell me what love can do, uh
Silver lights shinin' down
Wax it on down
 times have you said to yourself,
Head over heels
Ya ought'ta be goin'
Well, they gotcha comin' in, they gotcha goin' out
Strongman, yeah he knows how to cry
Try and figure you out
Returning home of the prodigal
Love, love, love, love is the source of infection
The ocean breezes cool my mind
Alright! Alright!
Now that I've found you
You wanna play? 
One love so fine
Just to try to make herself feel better
You go there once, you'll be there twice
There's a trick to Christian values
Aw, yeah!
They comin' out for sure
And now your message from above
Ow-oh! Hey, you! Who said that? Baby, how you been?
I don't care, I just--
Don't you know how much I make?
Ooh I need your love, baby take me home
Somebody get me a doctor. Ooh, ooh!
Turn me up real loud
Oh, what a fool believes
Me why
I'm a slave to all my desires
Move it slowly
Alright!
Needed a girl but I was just too lazy
Ah-ah. Summer nights Well let's talk about love
Humans Being!
But none better
It's just the calm before the storm
This is the right time,
They told me it was Chairman Mao-oh
You're facing the wrong lane
As in "must 
Ow! It's a rip-off
You a sugar mamma
All dressed up in your mother's clothes
Sure could be a mighty long time
Top Jimmy
Knows how the system can be beat
Had me all worked up inside
Take me
Enough with the inner city
I can jump, be the sacrifice
Really ain't got nobody, sad and lonesome
Standin' on top of the world
Ooh I, Ooh I need, got to have that love
No, I don't wana hear what love can do
That's the trouble with never
Tat look in her eyes
I can't wait, to feel your lovin' tonight, ah yeah!
I'll get hung up on the line. Hey!
And get a little breakfast
So now you got a good reason
'Fore I can even make it through the night
Yeah, but you just gorra 
Put it off Oh! Whoa yeah! On Judgement Day, hey!
late night still life,
Well, my telephone is ringin'
When it comes to trouble bustin'
the week
There goes my beeper
All you bad, bad boys
Cops and robers
Well how can I believe?
It's really just the way we sing it sing it
It's been a long time, overtime
Girl Ooooh. Oh! Oh! Yeah!
Ain't got nobody, waitin' at home
All about your disease
No more growing codependent over you
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out. Yeah
Come see your 
Love it when he rolls his eyes!
It's got what it takes
Like pouring salt on an 
Anybody in their right mind could see, it's you and me
Say it like ya mean it!
I'm on fire, woo!
Well, I'm sick an' tired of cleanin' room. Oh!
When love'll come or go
In your chat room
Yeah, I heard the shotgun
and all we found was his hat in a clearing
Myself and my family aside if we happen to be left half alive I'll get all my
They gotcha comin' in, they gotcha goin' out
No good, no good, no good Ah-hah!
One god, one country
She took her clothes off
Oooh I wanna crash on the beach
So tell the folks at home
Ev'ryone sing a little bit, ah!
Are you 
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight. Aw yeah!
At an early age he hits the street
And there's nothin' you can't handle.
Sometimes a straight line
record
Got a bad lil' woman gon' bite yo' ass
Go see baby now!
Now don't be too slow
It makes me blue
Stakes have never been higher
You must come back to me
On her daddy's boat and shot accross the lake
I'm gonna be your dark stranger
Wearin' out my welcome, 
Touchdown miami
Now they all call him Sweet Papa Willy Dear
They finally tore the old schoolhouse down
I know what you're thinkin'
Now you're workin' for the man. Yeah
Right behind in the rearview mirror now
Now I'm saved, by a higher voice
And if you're wondering where our homeboy is 'bout now
Tomorrow morning
So good
Hero's aren't born, they're cornered
Come on an' take the time
To hear your voice again
Baby, baby, wha-ha-ha! Still love
All these 
Loop-de-loop
Ow! Uh-Oh! Whoa yeah!
What you're thinkin' is easy to see
Than anyone
Oh, please can you shine some light?
Like i do mine
Mike! Mike! What was that shit you gave me last night?
The thumbprint of a greater being
One, two three, four
'Cuz it's a rip-off
We'll do it til we're black and blue
Whoa! Oh!
And spinning and turning
Clean-cut classy gal
Easier to push instead of pull
That funny feelin' again windin'
Hey-hey-hey! Oh!
Looks more like a warning than an example
Yeah, my freezer's just hummin'
Daddy's little sweety after some damn rainbow
'N baby you've got somethin'
, available, available, I am free, I am.
I'm on fire Wooooooo!
Mmm, mmm-hmm
When the resurrection comes,
Oooh Make love in the sea
Her feet are makin' tracks in the winter snows
It said "Open my eyes. Leave it all behind."
'Cuz that's one thing I learned from these guys, I must confess
You got! You got! You got! You got!
An' they told me it was Chairman Mao
So I'm helping her find an apartment
And then you're down
'Cuz you can't get this stuff no more-ah!
Unimpressed a great degree
I don't care 'bout the way that you're treatin' me
Through the ice into the fire
Ooh-ooh, when it's love
Nearly broken in two
Man, that band can really go.
Said If you're doin' business with me, honey...
Cuz you can't Ahh-ahh-ahh get this stuff no more
I'm only wastin' time, I think I better go
Beats workin'
Jump little texas in the mix
Well, here goes one more drop in the bucket!
You broke every heart
Down, down, down, down, down, down
Woo-hoo-oo! Runnin' with the devil
Don't pretend that its not fun
They knock me out when I'm down there
Maybe you're standing still
Fools, I live with fools. Wow!
For a little while
Yeah, baby. How to say...Well lemme tell ya about this one time
I feel good So good So good, so good
Ooh. Ah. It goes like this
And I told her one night, "Honey every time we fight
Lookin' for a direction
And the dreams in between
Ow! Yeah!
Well I tried to be good,
Standin' there Ahh-ahh
I never really knew
I've been reading what the bloggers say
They say, "Ya coulda least faked it, boy"
Ooooooo-oh!
And now we're wastin' time Now we're wastin' time
Hang up the phone
Oh! Ooh, yes I'm hot
Got me a 
Just enough for you
Press against your lips, taste the sweetness
And pray we don't get fooled again don't get fooled again no, no!
Adlib walkie-talkie banter
 as loud as war
Mihgt be more...
Broken now, I can't help but feel
Waitin' for love to rescue me
Come on Dave, gimme a 
Once it's decided, a line drawn in the sand
Eighty acres of one stop shopping
A million ways to make love
Remember dancing on the pier last night?
I'm gonna do it all in one big pot Big pot
Whoo-whee! You'll get some leg tonight for sure!
Honney for the life of me
SShha!
Fuck man!
Filled me up inside or felt like mine
Life is hard, never soft
Now that they've seen it
You got ta' throw it down and roll it over once, maybe twice
, how many, say I
I'm normally insolvent
Swim a lil faster, mama
And I'm bleedin', like no one else will ever know
Rivera couch that is...
For the distance between us
Put berries on bananas I need a second helping
Come on, take me down, down, down, down
Class dismissed!
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out
Some friends of mine, just the other night
To feel
Dancin' in the streets
What your image means
Love 'em all I says
Suppose you wait forever
Puttin' the flames out
Woo! Come here, baby. Come here. Woo!
Says he's hittin' bottom
Come here you
Yeah, can you talk the talk, baby?
Temporarily pacified!
I been sitting here 'bout half the night, ah
The future's looking brigher
Tell me what you gonna do
Some o' that big money. Oh yeah
Vocal ad lib until fade
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Woo! All right. Ow!
Get it higher
the back
Wanna be
There's a richer man
Ow! Her movies get down like you won't find in my hometown
 landlord
How long
Sad and lonesome all the time
Little texas
And I know you're in love Oh, women in love
What do you think the teacher's gonna 
On every wall and place my fearsome name is hung
Woo! Woo!
Growin' up rusty shack,
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Woo! Oh!
To feel your touch
Hot pants, mm.. nasty.
No distractions. Uh!
Cause this lucky penny is gonna land heads up
Don't like the middle squeezin' me
Told them to tell you honey just how fine you are, yes
Ahhh yeah!
Catch that smile and I hit the roof
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
No candidate would I support
Acrobatic
bedroom
Well, guess who's back in circulation?
I will not be denied
Where the folks who know about frostiness,
Gonna bite your little butt
In the groove, on the go, you know. Ah yeah
Baby, just come on, come on, come on
button
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy, yes
Honey! I'm the one, the one you love
Well, I ain't about to go to school
Shots as clean as a mean goal-getter
I don't need the back door 
And it's not my point of view
Thought I had it made
Lemme see you walk the walk!
It ain't goin' away, no
Lemme see ya do it one time...
children
Round and around
No way
Keep that in mind, when we say goodbye
Don't wanna talk about love
Oh, no
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now
Blackman, he lookin' for justice
 Ahh-hah! Yeah!
Ooh, how does it feel when it' love?
There's a fire in the hole hey hey hey hey hey
Replaced, by-the-bye and the parting on the left are now parting on the right
It's a world of fools
Four days from now
Homegrown, homegrown, down-home
Somebody get me a doctor. Oh, yeah!
Familiar faces, familiar sights
Ha-oh, ah-uh-oh
Woo! Where'd you get that shit?
and make it bump and grind.
You'll have the blues not me
two, three
I know what you need Ooh!
Cool upon the silent sea
I can drop below zero any moment, baby
Hey baby, woo! Make it nice 'n sweet. Ooh!
Yes it is
Beep bop belula bitty bop shoo wow!
I d- I d-don't wanna talk to him now, no
Bum-ba-deeda-bum-ba-deeda bum-ba-deeda bum-ba-deeda 
Let's have some funzo
Too bad and I can't help you
Leave it all behind
Hey hey hey! Uh!
Special Little somethin'? Mmm
takin' care of the music biz
, ha-ha-ha Understand
And bringin' down the walls
Good lookin' here I go
Oooh ooh ooh Baby I ain't through with you
I sell protection for a price
Communication 
n' that's as it should be
Or even suspect it
So take me down to the virgin spring
In your time of need
Ooh yeah! Ow-ow!
Come on, let me take you down
Big train maybe you're standing still
You lay your sanity on the line
But I 
And he ain!t talkin'
Reaching out, reaching out
It's a burn, or an opportunity
You're not that kind of girl
"Cause she's good enough, good enough ta huh!
I can't get enough, I can't get enough
Guitar Solo
Lookit here man. You got any specials here tonight
What's that? What? Rack a what?
Well, I'll have some of that!
Me and the fellas might be interested in?
Hey waitress!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo!
Yeah! But I ain't no fool, and honey I know a good thing
Uh, come on, come on, come on, come on
Cause she's
I'll be the first to say, that I'm blind to 
Good thing
And she's comin' now she's-a comin'
the world
Just can't see
Blind to the world
'Cause I'm two days gone, and I just can't see
She's good enough!
Good enough!
Good, good, good
Good enough to fl-owwwwww!
An' I can't recall any love at all
Oh, tell me where to begin
Felt so much. Hey!
Oh baby, this blows 'em all away
'Cause I never ever
Hey, I don't know
That funny feelin' again windin'
Whoa, here it comes
Me up inside
Every time we touch
Can't this be love?
Me why
It's got what it takes
 oh tell
So tell me why can't this be love?
Straight from my 
I'll get hung up on the line. Hey!
Be damned if
I tell myself,
Time will tell
If we stand 
the test
 of time
Hey! Only fools rush in"" an' only"
Ah-ah Ah, hot summer nights, that's my time of the year-ow!
Are you lonely just like me?
What'ya done?
disease
I'm pointing at an "A&P"
That cowgirl shirt she wore contained a lot of fallout
Talkin' dirty, dressin' clean, dancin' nasty by the record machine
Face in the sun.
Nobody, nobody, nobody
Ha-oh, ah-ah-ah
Out of love! Outta love Again
I got puddin' pie, 
Oh! I ain't goin' around sayin' things about you
Bear the cross just like Jesus Christ
And I think I like
Feels like something's getting right
 doin' that ol', the Cabo Wabo, hah!
Oh man, I think the clock is slow
Now you are solar powered
And this corner is where we write the story
Now gimme, gimme, gimme Big money some o' that big money Money. Woo!
Oh! Oh! Come on and show me!
All my big 
Oh You make conversation, but she's listening to your cash
And now your 
 goes on
Baby make it bigger
knives
Yeah, don't look at me baby
Baby, open up this door before I freeze.
Lord, what I'm seein'
We'd have heaven right here on earth. Woo!
That's how it goes...
It's not enough to fill me up
Yeah, if this love has got you down
Big Bad Bill don't fight anymore No, no, no
Ooh, well a sayin' that you're leavin'
 Make it work
I've fallen deep into
And I'm feeling my way
 times does somebody lie
Don't waste time
Yeah, it's up to me
Yes, mmm better take my chances
Got to make this romance last that's it, that's it
Preoccupied purely with the physical
Josephina, there's so much I want to know
Where's it gonna come from? Who's it gonna go to?
beginnings
Don't say, don't say, don't say...
That it's something I can't fight
We're stepped on and cheated
Hahhhhh
She ain't about to give an inch of ground, no!
Superman, he looking for Lois
You better call up the ambulance I'm, deep in 
When heavy is the weight of the world
Touched on that feelin' for an 
With no distraction Ooooo
1-900-SPANKED! You bad bad bad boys. Just call her up
It's something I can't fight
when I'm back on top in the month of June.
Pumpin' up for 
We came... we came... we came through blood and fire
There'll be a two drink minimum.
My girl's fluorescent
Little girl from Cherry Lawn
And I think I like, like a hound dog, chasin' a bird
1-900-SPANKED! All you bad, bad boys
Loss of control
Got to have it. Ow!
The sword or the pen
Movin' up and down She choked the chain
Grease it up and turn on the heat
But honey, if you're needin' a woman just as bad as me
Yes I did
, and she knows
But just 
Ooh-yeah!
Uh! Uh! Uh!
Downtown after hours
Nobody cares for me, nobody, nobody cares for me
When was the last time baby?
Forked tongue in double speak
Ooh, got some real fine pound...poundcake. Ah
I heard the news baby
And I'm coming to from all points in between
Now I walk like someone else, hey!
You've turned into someone else.
Like when the car don't start
You can change your mind
Turn it back
You know I'm up for breakfast so early in the morning
You don't want that sugar daddy
And I, I'm tired o' hearin' what love can do
Miles and miles and miles and miles
I have a blacklight
She's 
Turned here an' gone, from on the go
are you an engineer?
Uh! Get up Get up make it work Make it work
I'm under your spell
This is Yes-ah home, the only one I know
When she walks, 
And you don't know what that means
Wow! She's good enough
In my cleanest dirty jeans
My "West Coast Host"
I forgot...,
I look back and I wonder
This house of pain
William
Get-get-get-get-get out and push
Spinning up my 
And your photo goes on the car wash wall
For what it was worth
This dream is over, over Dream another dream
So don't you try to put no m-m-m-m-m-m-mojo
Look at this black book, it's loaded with 
Right behind in the rearview 
Callin' out, around the world
Ooh, we're comin' out tonight
Come on baby, finish what ya started
Nobody, nobody, no one, no one
Yeah the joint be jumpin'
I'm tired of livin' up to what people expect me to be
Ooo, an' I'm sick an' tired of Golden Rules, ah!
Never wait. Never wait. Never wait.
Like a tongue on fire, no one can tame
Say it!
What I'm seein'
Outta love Whoa-wow! Once again
down by the Seven Eleven.
What's your name, honey? What's your--hey! Hey, where ya goin'?
Yeah
 it harder
Can't this be love?
I am the reason
Wired! naturally wired, oh
Ooh yeah! This woman in love. In love. In love, ooh yeah!
Big double take, but ya keep on walkin', uh!
Keepin' me temporarily satisfied
And he don't come home for half 
One you might have missed.
Guns and guitars
Oh my God!
For dancin' in the 
Okay, ya ready to go?
I'll send the 
Everybody's lookin' for somethin'
smooch
I got no love, no love you'd call real
Available, available, available, I am free, I am.
You don't need no tricks
A luckyman don't always know who they are
brand new
cracked
Fake it, boy Ooh, stranger, boy
Rock on. Rock on. Oh, oh, oh
Rollin'.
Your love starts fallin' down
The grass is never greener an' there plenty around
Let's get the party started
To love somebody equally
The point i'm trying to make
In Mother Earth's soul, not yet
We do the hell out of it-
I'm a lucid vision
Yes I did, baby
Movin' up and down Can't get away
He's doin the dishes an' moppin' up that floor Yes he is
Yeah, tell the truth now
Got me all fired up
Senorita Don't you know that you can dance with me, anytime?
Got me a date with a supermodel. Ha ha ha
I just wanna sink my teeth in that
Just Ahh-ahh-ahh sing a song and think 'bout 
Woo! Sucker in a 3 piece
I don't care, I don't care.
Yes the cradle, cradle will rock
Then love can pick you right back up
Whoo! Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah
 that's where I'll be
If you want love if you want peace,
Not a peep from your little kids
skills
There was a mischievous look, behind that smile?
Can't help it that's the kind of guy I am
Yeah, can you shine the light?
It all goes clear
Can you shine the light?
And I lay awake
Don't pretend that its your first time
Well, I was first one to get in
I'm livin' with the aftershock
An' we were sittin' ducks for the police man
The life I'm livin' ain't mine
Now no one's talking 'bout those crazy days gone by
I know, I know I figured "Fuck it"
Yeah. You mean, you mean my wife's closet
There's a full moon out tonight. Baby, let's begin
How 'bout a 9 on a 10 scale
Put it off, until Judgement Day
Oh, yeah! Ya-yeah!
You know Ooo-ooo-ooo my heart is true, oh-oh!
The sword or the pen can be
Will I still be lovin' you? Uh!
Nobody rules these streets at night but me
The same and history ain't changed 'cause the banners, they are flown in the
and this one will do just fine.
Put that butter on my biscuit honey to my melons
 with you
In the heat of the summer
Beggin' you baby, beggin' on my bended knees On my knees
I've been through hell and back again
I wanna be your knight
All seven senses tryin' to deliver
I don't wanna hear about it later I do what I want to
Blind man follows
Land's End, you'd have to see it
Josephina, would you lay down your defenses?
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah!
I was feelin' next to awesome
But uh, ah she just lookin' good
Said, "Don't make me say this twice:
Show your
Love! Love is the source of infection
Ah, she sure got my attention
 too long and I can't help you
 the tune
But it remains to be seen
Doing the rounds
Well, right now I think it's time
Right On! We'll let it shine! Get Up!
Tell me what is wrong
A bitter pill, and an overcast
That's how we do biz
Could it ever be too much?
Tried a little bit of everything
On, Judgement Day
It's alive
Full of party girls with damaged lives
Yeah I'm the same old number
he said, "You're messin' with the mayor's 
Little bit o' luck never hurt no one
All your dreams are strange
first name
We're in deep, deep water, 'less I missed my mark
I'm more that just a victim
Woo, woo!
Conductor don't like it, says, "You're wastin' your time"
Big train gets movin'
And this world can disagree
Uh uh uh uh uh
Does it return the favour?
Yeah, Josephina!
Can't help myself
Light up the sky
Woo! Ah pretty maids all in a row
Cuz we've got perfect timing
Candyman, yeah the candyman can
Never gonna change
Screaming electric green
But one night's all we're given
She's walking back to me
I admit it's true
beginners
Watch me know, watch me know
Ooh, woman and a woman, now the silly games you play, yeah
Just kill the pain or numb my brain
Only adventures i regret
Never for all with you
It seems like forty days and forty nights
Oh, you 
Has somewhat changed the place
An' it feels so nice So nice Woo!
Ow! Ow!
He told me so
I'm called: Thug Pop. Thug Pop.
Oh baby, baby, baby don't give up,
All over 
You break this, I'll break all that
Baby I'm checkin' out, I think you oughta know, yeah
Who's that unexpected company?
Oh baby, I'll be there. Yeah!
Yeah we could come together
I got more than I wanted, but how is still a mystery
It's hard to tell, when innocence comes and goes
Don't let this get around to the outside
We can push with all our might, but nothin's gonna come
Oh you 
Whoa baby please, Yeah I can't take it anymore. Whoa!
 it up to you big time!
Reach up to the feet of God
A lot of folks been blown away
She had her toes in the sand and whoa! Ha, ha
Ain't talkin' 'bout love
He travels light, without a 
I'm on fire
Land's edge,
Me, I can't get enough, I can't get enough
Badness bringing up the rear, the menace is loose again
500 horses and a chrysler mill
It's not so easy to find, no
Ow! Smoke this, eat that, my old lady's gettin' fat
My baby ran off with my best friend
They gotcha goin' in. They gotcha comin' out
Been up, down, I know one thing:
Almost ended up blind Some only see what they wanna see
Gold tooth reflecting.
Once whoa, really touched?
Gotta get lucky, gotta get that done
Oh, baby come back
You say that love has got you down
That rat race licked
Hello!
Round and round Ohhhhh!
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! meet the new boss same as the old boss
We drink Mescal right from the bottle
Wooo-oooo-oooo
 her bags and leave
Suddenly I walked you home
Oooh Fits paradise to a T. Woo!
Ahhhhhhhhh!
How about a great big slice for me
Hey were's your get up and go?
Yeah, Yeah!
It's all I need
Get her out of my mind
So when I go to the movies
Ahh! Runnin' with the devil Ahh-hah! Yeah!
No, I can't recall any thing at all
Big, big money!
Ever gonna give me back
Gonna drive on in
Cuz satisfyin' you is the thing that gets me off
But she will never stay
How ya gonna tell me
It's the hardest thing, oh Lord
Now I'm the last one out
the game
Hey man, there was a line behind me
Just enough for you...
Ow! Woo! Oh!
Look what that does to me
And they take me places
I like to 
Undress, stay awhile.
Ow! Get up and make it work Make it work
And all those rock `n' rollers
Too close to mommy
If there's a tear in your eye,
They're on the internet
She gets along Let alone She's premium
It's not so easy to find, no, no
And if you wanna take a chance and go down crazy
I'm singin', I'm dancin', most every night
Got no love, no love you'd call real
Right here and now
Humans Being That's what makes us
Think I got it now
Ah, there's still some fight in me
I thought I saw you from a distance
Whoa! Got it bad,
Slip flop slippin up...got me dripping
I didn't know about this school
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-be doo-be doo-whum
It's so hard when love is blind.
Ah I've learned my 
Whoa, yeah
The babysitter and me got biz
But I don't have glasses
Slow to forgive, when you're holding a grudge
There were just the gigolos
Keep your eyes wide open, babe
Stone me like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
'Cause I never ever
Who Ooh-ooh cares about the clouds when we're together
I dig both and I don't care which
She can't then nothin' else can
Of the 
Ah, can't ya see me standin' here
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Some days you're the hydrant
The closest to a cow she'd been was eating at McDonald's
Black and blue
On top of the world, oh yeah
Oh, woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo!
When I blow this tomb with a view, yeah, all right
Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble
You're lying to yourself
You ain't too civilized, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Go back, Hell no!
And I ain't afraid to use it now!
Oh, look out!
But she don't like the way I dress
Now, I'm broken down and dirty, dressed in rags
Position's always been a little left of cynical
Are at a triple feature
And John Paul's all bullet proof
Down at the starting line
Still cookin' with that old time, long lost recipe
 with a wink-a your eye
 the place,
Protected the turf without obstructing the view
Ain't as funny as it may seem,
So, here's two rules
Now look at all of the people here tonight...
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
I just d-do-don't wanna take no calls-uh
 for keeps down here, they're the living dead
I got my back against the 
Ahh, the crazy things we used to do
Dinner at the 
To feel you
contact
1-800-SEE YA...
Yeah. Come on
Well, call me 40 Below
Always keep her by my side
Oh Looks just like an angel, but he just talkin' trash
With the "when ya comin' bcack?"
Hey! Oh, me, I been working up an appetite
Fire in the hole hey hey hey hey hey
Talk about meanwhile
Gotta stoop to conquer me
Get it back
Like a hound dog chasing a bird
Oh, oh! Got the big deal in the back of a limo, uh hey
meanest blues around
Can you beliee that was you?
A little luck and attitude
And now a message 'bout the ozone layer
Chant it like a mantra...
Try it twice, ya gotta love it!
Uh, just to try to make herself feel better
To my master I become a slave
or a passanger,
Best believe that need will hurt you
Ah too, too far
We're in for a very long night
I'll protect you baby with my elephant gun
I got everything you wanted
Good, God y'all
Kickin' down, but where to start
I'm a-beggin' a-you
Lick up one side an' down the other
Black and blue Got ta, got ta, got ta 
Ah-ah. Summer nights You wanna talk about love?
We can't throw this all away
Wait a second, man
It's not work that makes it work, oh
Oh, women in love
An' I know I've had enough
Destiny's a complicated thing
Poorman, he just want a little
'Cause you and your blues
Are you alright?
Ahh Never bad enough to crucify me
Woman get crazy, if she can't go
Sure gave me a mighty long time
Help me find that miracle
I ain't complainin', you do the best with what you got.
I don't need so much to remember
Well, I'm a bum in the sun and I'm havin' fun
Was worth exploring
But you can try me at home, if it feels all right
I'm a skyscraper
Listen to a beer glass
Top Jimmy cooks!
Talk to Me!
Still like the air, in a whitewash tomb
And now I know it's time
No calls baby
Well, pump it up, pump it up
The salty days are hers and mine
Felt so much. Hey!
Wow, Go- Go- Here we go-
Babe, I'm alone and, I'm on the highway
No light at the end of the tunnel
Boldly going nowhere
Fever starts to climb, reaching 105
Oh oh oh oh Oh, when it's love
I'm a peek-a-boy, looking at girls
Nmmmmmm dip dip Mmmmnnnnmm
And bad girl boxers
Wanna see my ID? Try to 
'Til a brown-skinned woman's bobbed his hair
An' she gives me a 
String Solo
dreams
If I were you, if you were me
An' it's the final bell for pushing broom. Oh-oh!
My intentions are bad
Bright lights, Old Fights
Pretty smile
Now wouldn't it be a real drag if we were all the same?
That's human way
Explosions way uptown
Just to love you
Yes I tried the telefhone
She said she's tired of watchin' me fall down He-he-he-yuh!
Ah yeah, beautiful girl
You're not a stranger
Feelin', what no one else will ever know
or do you make it up as you go?
I tell myself,
It was...
We came here to entertain you
Yeah, my telephone is ringin'
If i produce it
Is this just a little something
 I'll go on home, it's late
There'll be dancin', dancin' in the street
I never see them, but they're always so far back, oh
You Ahh-ahh-ahh serve up the truth, don't want it anymore
Ah my my my
Oh no, nothin's gonna change
Give in and learn it from the aftershock
But I feel that way all the time
The West coast has the sunshine
Big train and you're wonderin' if you ever will
I know that everything in America
Oh, we're the lost generation
I like the little way the line runs up the back of the stockings
Blind inspiration
Let's not stop soon
I'm miles and miles from nowhere
If you want love give to live
My train your station
Let me take you down
And I'm comin' to you from All points in between
She don't like it when it's cut n' dry
A night for romance
Got a different kind of truth
Outside, Out of line!
Dancin' in the street
Stick your face in the artic blast
I'll bear the bear the cross cross
And all that you've lost, it's not all that you've gained. no
I found the real thing is poundcake
I came into this thing with an open mind
This ain't no party, this ain't no show
So suit up for the game!
Yeah, the wetter the better
Found that girl with a lonesome john
Third rail can't stand it
That I'm absolutely certain both's all right
Ah, ha!
Yeah, ya stand in line ya got lost in a jet 
I am a victim of the science age
Looked like a long lost friend
How many times have you said to yourself,
Yes I have
Hidden inside
 a mind blow!
Well your famous last words
Out the back door
 thru me
occasion
Or couldn't keep quiet, when she needed a hug
Something, I'd never imply
Searching for their slice of heaven
I pay for three
Rooms without doors open for me. Oh, no!
Talkin' about good times
Got some cream on my bananas need a second helping
Yeah, the 
Oh my, my, I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by
You can change your friends, your place in life
An' I said "Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does"
Oooh So Cabo Wabo
Whiteman, tryin' to get a tan
I'm here standing still
Mmm, so if you want it, got to bleed for it baby
That you weren't meant for me.... ohhhhh
If I had it all to do
Now her name is up in lights
I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna I ain't gonna
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah Whoo!
Asthe saying goes
Can't keep a good man down
Ha! Ah! Yeah
If the cards are on the table
Ahhhhh...
Something reached out and touched me
An' yo' booty's froze
Seems no one's talking 'bout those crazy days gone past
Have you seen her? So fine and pretty
Lost in this pleasure dome
So you think that i got no respect
All I know
Her attitude
 with our children at our feet and the morals
'N winds up tired with who he meets
 up. Come on give me six on the half-shell
You can always tell the winners
It's a just about time
, I'll pay ya for it, what the fuck?
Straight on up to her lunch pail
Ow-ah, anything you want, any dirty deeds
Woman, just wanna fly in first class
Oh oh! A "so what?" scene, but to me it don't matter
Oh baby, 
Stand up and say "Hey! This is mine!"
Ooh Now who ya gonna call when you need that special
Yesterday
Faucet pouring, fresh 'n' bitter
 this place
Come see your children, yeah
Everybody wants some!
I get up, and nothin' gets me down
I hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight
 will set you free
A chance for the folks to meet
 into place. No!
The only one I want want
Oooh ow!
It's always been there
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, bay-yeah!
Whoa-oh Ah Come on g-girl, dance the night away
Oh! Ooh baby, take your whiskey home, yeah!
'Til we meet again some other day
I shook hands with the devil
But I'm only flesh and blood
Tastes as sweet as soda pop
We're not defeated. No!
Stop stop
You know it's more than just an 
To love somebody tenderly
To love somebody hopelessly It hurts so much
To everyone who reads
doin' the Cabo Wabo, ow!
Uh doin' all you can to make me sad n' blue, wow!
Woo-hoo! Take a look at this!
You better call me a doctor, feelin' no pain
shoo-be doo-be doo-be do-whum
Cross the burger shop floor
Everyone's looking for something
Yes, it's love in the third degree
Got a hold on me
Slide behind the wheel
Ah- I ain't gonna' tow the line
pins and needles
I think of all the education that I've missed
, to satisfy-uh
Stamp my feet
We're just Humans That's what makes us
said I'm easy
She knew he'd forget her
Tattoo-tattoo
Say what?
Lost, in my own pleasure dome
Ooooo-oh!
Now I'm hangin' ten now baby
Meet you half the way
Tell me why, oh Lord, you're crossing over
Where silence speaks as loud as war
Ah, yeah
Stop dreamin' and start drivin', Stevie
the answer
After the avalanche
So, this is love? Well she finally kissed me
Na na na-ah na na repeat to end
Gimme big fat money
Ooooh yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
I have your 
In need of gentle care
Uh! An', and I got somethin'
Big train or is the train doin sixty, baby
How many say I, how many say I
He just a sucker Sucker
I'm laying naked with ya
I see it rolling off of you
Fatman, he's ordering seconds
When I'm startin' off with nothin'
Ain't nothin' like it
Hello baby! Hah!
Oh man, I ain't got a clue 
No one can look as good as you
Oh yeah, hey. What they, where he'd get that clothes?
I'm on fire Woo! Woo!
You turn and swear Ahh-ahh-ahh it's everywhere
Me up inside
Does not the bit, bridle the horse
Honey baby Hampton's bitch
Ooh! I like it
Like the dawn of a 
Ooh, mama, see the firelights
Well, I can tell you a few 
Ah, lazy eyes in the summer heat
uh! Oh-ow!
It means everything
I only wanna be by your side
Famous last words
Don't their business take good care of me?
Wide open spaces
Yeah, he won't let you pass
I've known fast livin' and I know wine, women
Says, "Girl you lost your mind?
Now quickly, check the hands on the clock
A man on a mission, up ahead
I got no distractions
It makes you laugh
Place come to life every night, nooo!
Whole lotta Shakespeare going on and on and on
Oh, sleep and dream; that's all I crave
Love! Love is the 
Musta lied 'cause I ain't leavin'
We outta space
Gimme truth, gimme somethin' real
Please, don't ever let me be
I said, that's life. That's Life
A little Zen
Oh, crossing over....
No matter what they say, I, ha, disagree
Wha-oh-a-wha-oh-wha-oh
 for me. Woo!
The one with the showroom shine
It said "Open your eyes. Leave it all behind."
When you're reachin' for stars
Daddy's good, good little girl
We'll be having good times
Baby's b-b-burnin'
Learn to dance
1-800-GUITAR
But I know Joe didn't go to heaven, no.
I got for you
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground
They're lighting up the skies
If I cannot hear you from afar
So honey Ahh leave me alone, or I may be stayin' the night
You know that you want it oh, oh oh
Drown my faith in Trinity, yeah
reunion
But everybody wants some!
What's it gonna take to liberate?
Woo-hoo! Take a 
Panama, Panama. Wow!
Honey baby sweetie doll
Uh uh uhuh yeah. In n' out
practice
Philadelphia, PA Dancin' in the street
Oh, little darlin', now come on
She's mine and, ain't lettin' go
Danger in the rearview 
Show your love
I'm always extreme
 get their kicks
No, I, I, I can't say when your time is through
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
And I love to feel her Each and every night
Never time to do it right
And i can't sing
Oh! Have you ever been touched?
You can hear the sea.
Ain't going to Heaven anytime soon
 o' anything
I'm a man on a mission
Aw, ha!
Well I'm a lovin' the horn baby
Throw my rope
I just 
They're in the pasture
Only to surrender
You gotta give, give more than you take
Every time we touch
Are we gonna be late
Might cost you less to stick around
I feel good, woo! So good
A fella never can tell
And I was up there frequently
Yeah! With more time to kill
Oh, why draw the line?
Hey, you got a point there This is fat!
I don't talk in front of the kids
Risin' from 
Gibe 'em hell tonight
Dead or alive, uh-aah!
Cause I get a lot of practice
And then you sense a change
I've had it with you and your blues
by the masses
We'll see the light
I suggest you 
Just as long as she drive me home
Or I don't want one at all
Baby don't you worry, you ain't gotta play no fool
Talk to me babe
in air conditioning
Runnin' with the devil Woo!
No it ain't baby, no it ain't!
Yeah dreams come true
Everybody!
breeze
They do it everyday now
Let `em roll one more time
That's all I ever need. Uh-huh
It's always been there, standin' there
Love hurts you sometimes
A little bit o' heaven right here on earth, oh
Ooh, baby baby
 come true
How many times does somebody lie
I could sock it to ya non-stop, baby
Like i do mine-
Me from singing a blue streak, no
Pencil weenie in elephant clothes
I like to take each step, one by one
Into the starry night
Outta touch most the time
She wore a whole lot of not enough
You can't get romantic on a subway line
Got me a long night ahead
That's what's on my mind
Keep the motor runnin'
Yes, I'm sorry babe
Oh man, I ain't got a clue how to get out
Uh no, no, no
Level with me Baby!
How this younger generation swings
We can change the things we say, and do any time
He drove a pickup and wore no underwear
They found a dirty-faced kid in a garbage can
Wow! Dealin' with your troubles drove me away-eyay yeah
Say you're gonna leave me
Ah, yeah!
Shiftless and the crazy
Whoa! I ain't lyin' to ya
 I better save my breath. Wow!
They try an' drum him outta town
And that freezin' snow is gettin' old, hey!
Hey, watch the left, watch the right
A-stripping and stumbling across a land full of miracles
As are the stars, I only have you
Adlib jungle sounds
Down to Cabo, woo!
Those colors fading to grey
Well, there's a 
A slice at a time Wha-oh yeah!
And... BOOM!
Got an on-ramp comin' through my bedroom
Won't-cha turn your head my way?
Is the front of an oncoming train.
Ooo, puttin' the flames out!
Please don't nail me baby
Oh the drums 
Trouble busting through
Oh, well ah, said you were leavin'
, but it's all the same
And you keep tryin' Buddy you keep tryin'
Baby like it or not
See; the meek shall inherit shit.
 in an empty room
It's looking like the city towed
Now come on baby, make me feel good
Stand up, stan up
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
When it come to lovin'
You break my balls with all your crap
That train be rollin' not me, I'm going before wine and
It's all about...
Ah, fill me up, I'm never satisfied
N' pray for the mercy of the sea Oooh ooh ooh
Cause these are good times
Kickin' back, ain't kickin' you, no no!
Well just spread your wings
Ain't even worh a song
What's there to do tonight? Anything?
And I'll tell you what I'm getting rid of next
I got no taste
Gimme some o' that, gimme some o' that
Chew before swallowing pride
All the way, they got you down
Standin' on broken dreams
You just believe a little
To hear what the preacher said.
I roll like the ocean
Man, I don't see no problem
And it smells so bad
Give me liberty or give me death
Stone cold sugar daddy
Baby, you're no good Ow!
It's about time we lay it out there on the line
He comes from nowhere an' he turns on his own
You know we do
An empty hand reaching out for someone
In brand new alligator shoes
That's right!
The pendulum will swing, swing into power
And now when I go drivin' by
Touched love?
Yes I'm livin' at a pace that kills
I do a lot of thinkin', some I shouldn't think about
Oh, miles and miles. Oh, yeah!
Since you went away
Indeedido
Reaching out
Some desert island off Morocco
Inside of me
Integrity and self-respect?
Woo! Now come on, now come on So nice
That's right, go ahead, suck it all up Right down to the last drop
In a 3 piece
With just one wish ya can't refuse
Straight up we'll climb
, without love
But I'm high on luck
laughter
I think I'm gonna 
Said a lie to me
Aww right!
Guess that makes me three.
Yeah, but it takes me at least halfway to the label
If we could have the best of both worlds
got lucky in a cheap 
Please
It's gonna heal you
Let's them play in the moment
When it's love, baby
Lookin' for love at the back of a taxi,
I ain't fooled
Spend my money
Oooh ooh ooh Black and blue, ow!
Cause I'm gonna make it
James Dean and Hermie Fox!
Doncha wanna go?
Save all the tears you've cried
I just slide ooh slide on by ooh-ooh
It's gettin' late I don't know `Bout 3 a.m.
Oooh-oooh Yeah. Little dreamer
Ah-ah Well that's all we need, baby. Don'tcha know? Summer nights
I'll write a verse to this song"
At night I walk this stinkin' 
Every inch of you looks like a lady
The only one I want the one I want
Oh, I don't! Wanna. I made my due, look at me
Hey yeah!
And if I must, well in, God I trust
Ain't no way I'm sittin' home tonight
Well, they say it's kinda frightnin'
beginner
You never really know
I'll meet you down at Ooh-ooh the ole fishin' hole
Well I gave her seven 
Stay frosty.
Unless your love is tried and true
Well, my telephone is ringin', they told me
A stone bald head Sucker
Dancin' in the street, oh!
Alittle taste I can't stop
This is Yes-ah home, only one I know
Around the world, searchin' every corner
 upon his head
Well, I been workin' since a ten of nine
"Don't tell me that you love me
And she loves you when you're leavin'
Falls on deaf ears
And she'll leave you if you stay
She says...
King for a million years
You'll hate me for hearning it
And the tides rise and a distant sigh
Her vision makes you every inch a king
When I drift away."
You ain't going nowhere tonight.
Show me your 
Well I'm a Bullethead
 in a 
Same ol' pickup lines Same ol' pick up lines
And it's a shame to see
Drop dead legs
On the stage, off my strings, down my face
Oh, wow, man, I said
Now say it isn't so, baby
I said, "My, my, my"
All this and more you see
If ya wanna be with me
Click my heels
I'll just, I'll just love you
After making love
Of all of these my favourite things...
Ahhah!
, when you just don't know
Holdin' back, yeah I got control
Sppirits risin
Oh, we'll get higher and higher
Let's do this bottle right!
Yeah, we're runnin' a little bit hot tonight
You're a horrible, horrible girl...
Wha-oh! Ahh-ahh-ahh Can't get that stuff no more!
Well, ain't life grand when ya finally hit it?
Huh! She want a sucker Sucker
And a buck is all you earn
Is this just a passing fancy
Here's 100 beans a minute where the back says.
Don't let this get around, to the outside
 times we've tried
Ow! Get up and 
Come on, pay the 
Walk me down to the wishin' well
She got a rainbow that touches her shoulder
Didn't you? Didn't you?
And you're beautiful babe, don't never shave
As long as I remember, bills have looked me in the eye
Ah, ha ha! Uh, uh!
 dream
Satisfaction guaranteed
They want big fat money
She's the woman sing it
Love once?
The jury 
All the bills are paid, I got it made in the shade
Right now
Run, run, run away
I'll get her!
Well, they gotcha goin' in, they gotcha comin' out
Oh oh oh oh Yeah, you can feel it
Turn this thing around
Are two comedians
Ooh, oh baby!
 As Is"
Late last night
Better save the women and children first. Yes, ah
Gimme some o' that
Wanting their piece of the pie
Keep that in mind when we say goodbye
Ooh! And I'm alone, I'm on the highway
Here i are!
They may talk about you cold when you were
Some of us still do
Maybe that's better
And the beards have all grown longer overnight I'll tip my hat to the new
You and I, we're gonna feel this thing together
Ahh Care or even, why should I try?
Ah, Text me baby!
Go see baby now! Ah, ha-ha!
I feel you breathin'
They don't understand how it can be
We celebrate when the gang's all here
Ready for the town
Uh-ah uh-ho ho-ow!
Great is the forest, set by a small flame
Hey, never's good for me
I like....
Yesterday, I saw my love light shine
You got me so I can't sleep at 
How else am I to know, that all the while
You see I'm beggin' you please
And livin' in harmony
Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
good man
Next year I'll head out for the coast
 my television, almost lost my mind
get free
You get a fast crash course
They break your heart so damn easy
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Oh-whee
But maybe I just will
Spread that butter on my biscuit honey to my melon
I love 'em! I need 'em!
Require's a degree of acceptance
Me Wise Magic
And somebody else's rules
And now we're wastin' time Ow! Now we're wastin' time
When my axe cuts me deep, I let it bleed
All in all my aim is better
Then I don't care where I'm goin'
Stay frostiest the most.
Better 
A moment in time
he said, "You're messin' with the mayor's daughter."
Pumping it up, pumping it up
It's just something you feel together
We're flat stone cold lied to
Why you leavin' me again?
You never can say
Just like I told you before. Yeah, before
Set me loose
Ooh Well just a-hang your love line in her direction. Whoa
I can drive
So clear your head, find a way home
Bumper sticker on my rocket's ass
Feeling sick
Once present, can't ever be past
As I ride your sonic, ooh-wave
Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
That's when push come to shove
but lessons are so cold
It's just somethin' you feel together
Hot sweet sticky
The future ain't what it used to be
Let's take a walk down Easy Street
Hey! It'll last forever
She don't work for free
 that lady go
Wind at my back,
I'm all conditioned, what I say
I told her "Never in hell, no special reason"
Kabbalah
And you grab one
Everytime you make it
Ah! Baby please, can't take it anymore
Your's very truly'
Oh, you're talkin' bout your leavin'
And now everybody wanna go. Woo!
I made up my mind, yes
Turn your clock back
Some Casablanca gin joint
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out. Woo!
Same amount, woo!
I wanna know why can't this
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Don't touch me there, okay? Just don't do that, okay?
I travel far across the milky way
But all of your addictions
Spread your wings and 
She's good enough
Pretty woman, talk awhile
That's if accidental angels
And I'm try'n to conform to other's ideas
Come on baby show your love
Dance baby!
Panama, Panama oh-oh-oh-oh
Only deeper year after year
And when her sleepy eyes
I don't belong to any race
To be done down by the crossroads
This ain't never been new, babe, child. Ow!
A year to the day
Unchained!
Yeah you, you know that nothing lasts forever
No way to 
speaks
She's a no limits
We got heaven right here on Earth
Baby please, yeah!
My advice is free.
El presidente
You're no good, no good, no good
All the words on the wall look the same in the 
Every minute counts and you play both sides of the law
And you're the one I want the one I want
I brought my pencil
Wanna play some love with them human toys
I need a change, I need it quick
We'll have our cake and eat it too
You can always tell the 
Anyway, if I make 'em, I'll solve 'em
Jimmy on the television
Josephina, if I asked you, would you tell me?
You a desperate woman, need a man with a gun
From new york city to east L.A.
I just wanna feel like it's mine all mine
Ah, yeah-ah!
Why don't you come with me
But do i love you?
She said
Trust in Allah
I will call for you
A little lovin'
What does that make you?
I know you believe in me
Baby, you're no good. Whoa oh-ooh
It's a spank line. Yeah! oh! Ow
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Lemme hold that
There must be some kind of way
Crank up the drums, crank out the bass
Somethin' special, gimme someone new
Ah-ah Hot summer nights, you're my time of the year-ow!
Every body needs a friend one friend,
Don't say, don't say, don't say, don't say...
And I ain't cryin' about the love I been payin' for
Mousewife to momshell in the time it took to get that new tattoo
An' I'll be whippin' in your window
Crank up my Les Paul in your face
One more crazy night
I know the difference
Ya know, your sugar daddy
Pretty woman, won't you pardon me?
 on. Hold on, I'm runnin'! Ah, yeah!
Somebody get me a doctor
Look out your window
Come on, Ah every guy, grab your girl, everywhere, 'round the world
Woman with the way you do
Ah come on baby Dance the night away Hey, hey yeah!
Purple mountain's majesty show me you, I'll show you me
Ain't gonna dust no broom
You're on a Big train
Now it's getting harder to ignore me
And then something crazy happens
 baby. Ssss, ooh, ow, ah, uh
 I'll never learn
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now Moppin' up that floor!
If you could see
Put it off, put it off, until Judgement Day
puzzle
To love somebody foolishly Can happen once
 was rough and tough he would strut his stuff
Better save the women and children first
I don't wanna hear about that, no-ay!
Just like I told you before! Before! Uh, before! Uh, before! Before!
A Buddhist riff
When was it?
Just like the army
Dream another dream
You often wonder
Right now catch that magic moment
gallery
You'll be brownin' your Bermudas
Hey! Hey, hey! Wait a minute, wait a min... Oh!
Ha-yeah!
The assurance only hope can bring
Trouble-free Earth despocrats made
And so an early age he hits the street
Now I ain't sayin' that I'm never gonna beg you
An' I say rock on. Oh, say, rock on
Rudder of ship, which sets the course
So honey cut to the 
And the river runs a little too deep
Don't you waste my time my time, my time
Burnin' up the town
I don't wanna hear about it later Do what I want to you
Uh! The harder the better
Go on, set 'em up, up
"Same as 
But careful with those feet.
 Dave, but for you it's free."
Is my old blue jeans
'Cause I only tie you up
recipe
Ask him a question
You have to hear me say
Oh-ow!
Ha-ha-ha! Yeh-hey
Below the belt
Pretty soon you just might
President went to Congress, here's what he said:
Here i come-
Can't forget the Motor City Dancin' in the streets
Except for, for a subtle 
Well are you prepared for your very last breath?
Sucker in a 3 piece
Your storms and lullablies
Oh, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
'Cause you know, I wanna be
Just trade in one for another
Oh baby, come on
Would you rather 
Straight through my eyes
Miss a beat, you lose a rhythm
No middleman. No 
Catch a wave
Aw! Girl Say. Say. Uh!
She givin' me the runaround, yeah. Ow! Round round round round
The more I look, my world keeps gettin' smaller
 it, watch it!
Tried to tell you babe
Then lend me your ear
'Cause she's good enough, good enough ta
Hey hey hey hey!
Now baby, let me fill you up inside Up inside
I will show you all around
Been up and down and over and out and I know one thing:
Love comes walkin' in, yeah!
She's so fine
and you're runnin'
Goin' wide Oooh
Is not enough, it's not enough
Crop is gone, left only chaff
I'm talkin' good times (yessir)
Swim away baby!
Talkin' lethal fantasy
Seems no one's talkin' 'bout the crazy days gone past
Ain't got no money, got no house on the hill
Ready, set, go!
You got to give more than you take
But never alone with you
Ow, yeah! Uh!
N' she knew better
Uncomfortable in the realm of the political
Smokin' mountain got to blow
The way I want to now
Get your feet back on the ground
Feel like throwin' in the towel?
Uh! Sure feels good, wow! Uh!
Mistress of the coming flood.
You ain't going home tonight.
I want the best of both worlds
N' she made the mountains sing
Let me hear ya!
Teach you your final love 
The time of your life,
'Cause I've got more bad habits than anyone
You put your heart on the line.
Baby, you're no good. Oooh yeah
I still feel it
How 'bout you?
 the tide roll in
Well, then let it show
Slipped a little off your pace. Oh!
Help me
Their 19th Nervous Breakdown
Jump back, what's that sound?
Earth returns to what it was before
They'll run you til you d-d-d-drop
Oh, this dream is over
I drive just like you!
And I don't think the devil's
Big train time gets movin'
Been tokin'...been sippin'
The ballot or the bullet
Don't wanna break her in half
Fore Ahh-ahh-ahh patience runs her course?
That they worship will be gone and the men who spurred us on sit in judgement
The camera rolls, she's willing
And I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
Might as well jump. Jump!
Now you feel like i'm wasting your time,
This is Mean Street Lord, strike that poor boy down!
Well this must be my favourite chorus
Sure seem like a mighty long time
Don't you dare start what you cannot finish
Sleep on the couch instead
And then say I love you, but aren't willing to show
Throw your headphones on
One, two, three, four
Nothin' lost, so tell me how can I lose? Ha
