Be damned if
21:14 And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the
Like a harpoon
the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death.
Come on, let me take you down
Ahhh yeah!
Reachin' out for anything
Don't wanna be no uptown fool
I have a blacklight
Be love?
12:5 And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations
19:1 And after these things I heard a great voice of much people in
Is that you?
If you want love you've got to give
If I'm wrong, then I'll pay for it
altar, and cast it into the earth: and there were voices, and
14:20 And the winepress was trodden without the city, and blood came
voices: and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne,
When it come to lovin'
Ow! Woo! Oh!
Now I know I was paying attention
Don't give up
Oh, No!
And you take the second two lines
Next war
She had her toes in the sand and whoa! Ha, ha
 room uptown shack
I'm what my daddy said i'd never be
Pizzaman, just wanna slice
Ain't as funny as it may seem,
Scream, go on an' scream
This is Mean Street in this desperate part of town
Stand up and say "Hey! This is mine!"
I could swear I've seen you somewhere before
Dramatic
Yeah you, you know that nothing lasts forever
By your naked eye
You really got me Ah-ha!
Strongman, yeah he knows how to cry
I want to live so let me die
Christ, what's a man to do?
 it harder
It's just somethin' you feel together
I'm coming straight for your heart
Don't get me wrong, I plan on gettin' some soon
A little bit o' heaven right here on earth, oh
our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our
Well, 
Good enough, ta
Get it back
Hey, Feels so good So good Woo!
Gonna leave, get a job
blow it up, 
8:1 And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in
And now your 
I don't wanna hear about it later Ah hear about it later
You got it tough, I've seen the toughest around
beginner
Of any city thoughts and city ways
On the nose
Ah yeah
Baby I'm checkin' out, I think you oughta know, yeah
I woke up to yet another day
Wait like the wind, 
Thought you'd never miss me till I got a fat city address
Kickin' down, but where to start
Oh yeah, people,
The fact from the fancy
And I'm seein' what no one else will ever know
You gotta cook a lot of rice."
Yeah, the 
Take me
Some goes to women, ooh, some goes to Jesus
God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
But just remember boy
Without a pistol
Heat wave blast, kids are screamin'
Proposed me a toast:
How fast you're willin'
God must love the lazy
1:5 And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new
17:11 And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and
 will pass away
know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but
21:25 And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there
But none better
One of these dark nights
Honey! I'm the one, the one you love
Hey man, that suit is you!
What do you think the teacher's gonna 
Better show, better show your love now
God, and keep his commandments.
hearts before him.
And a twelve room uptown shack
Big dreamers never sleep (No they don't)
It ain't goin' away, no
Nothin' but the truth
We're gettin' funny in 
I respect your intellect
Lights, camera, action
Mousewife to momshell in the time it took to get that new tattoo
Yeah so damn tight
will give unto every one of you according to your works.
Wow! Before they hit the lights
Didn't know it, babe
Mama I can be both of them I got the tools, to satisfy-uh
That meant a lot to me
Hey, come on man. Wake up
Late for the dance
My mother lode! Hey!
As I ride your sonic, oo-wave
I wanna know why can't this
You're a horrible, horrible girl...
Got creamer on the table first thing in the morning
And when 
She comes like the secret wind
the last.
Woo! Summer nights and my radio
Love that woman heart and soul
I'm on fire Woo! Woo!
dominion, and speak evil of dignities.
Mmm, here they goin', my way. Woo! Woo!
Since you went away
crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy.
And it's not my point of view
Jump little texas in the mix
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Oh-whee
I don't think so!
saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of
So clear your head, find a way home
16:4 And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and
to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they
I mean, you're doin' all you can to make me sad n' blue, yeah yeah
18:7 How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so
And baby while we at it
to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea, 7:3 Saying, Hurt
ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great.
Aw, but then let's face it, things are easier today
4:10 Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and
I need more than just words can say
Lift me up
Wanting their piece of the pie
At the gate of dreams?
Her attitude
I been aware the ball might roll or tumble
Come on, take me back, baby
I feel you breathin'
and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters: and God shall
 it cool,
Mama's little 
I'm sorry honey if I took it just a little too far, yes
And told her these words
Ooh-ooo-ooh
There's a fire in the hole
12:15 And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the
I'm learning To See
things which are therein, that there should be time no longer: 10:7
Yeah, baby please, Ah-ha! I can't uh take it anymore Wow!
Quiet contemplation
with a cloud: and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it
This wild frontier
Ow! Get up and make it work Make it work
At night I walk this stinkin' 
Talk about the apolitical blues
I'll write a verse to this song"
from the seven Spirits which are before his throne; 1:5 And from Jesus
So baby Ahh leave me alone, or baby, stay the night
Position's always been a little left of cynical
My advice is free.
'Cause I never ever
It's looking like the city towed
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground. Woo! Come on
My "West Coast Host"
Let it be like yesterday
the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.
Honney for the life of me
Fresh from out of town
That's all I ever need. Uh-huh
Come on smile and say cheese
What you doing tonight?
But yo cup was runnin' over
I get a nut nut nuthin
enemies beheld them.
11:4 These are the two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing
I shook hands with the devil
I look good and I'm funny, so why'm I lonesome honey
Yeah the joint be jumpin'
Baby please, can't take it anymore
Okay, ya ready to go?
More than I had planned
saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the
Woo-hoo! Take a 
One time boys!
Steel fingers play a deadly song
Fall mountains, just don't fall on me
You wanna lover, you want a friend
You're no good, no good, no good
Say hello to my best friend
Can't survive and think to win
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! That's what's comin' down
okayHello? Hello?
Pistons poppin', ain't no stoppin' now
She's 
Look both ways now.
He don't understand what a man should know
These are tears of fury
Spread my butter on my biscuit honey to my melon
I'll bear the bear the cross cross
Better 
With just one look
Cause you don't get no sportin' chance
What a snappy little mammy gonna keep a pappy happy
And don't want me tryin' to pin her down
Oh man, I ain't got a clue 
is called Patmos, for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus
 where she blows
We'll go the distance
3:3 And every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself, even
You better find yourself a friend, my friend
I'm gonna be your dark stranger
Just you 
Overloaded, down the drain
1:17 And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his
Ah-ah Hot summer nights, you're my time of the year-ow!
Talk about meanwhile
Big train or is the train doin sixty, baby
Talk about the high cost of lovin'
that they should rest yet for a little season, until their
17:17 For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his will, and to
A great night for all concerned
I can hear you softly cry
the true sayings of God.
Stay until it rolls away
Poets try the same.
I got kinda sense of 
Somebody get me a doctor Ooh!
I'm talkin' forty degrees...
They break your heart so damn easy
Gets me wild
should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.
Come, get me, baby,
It makes me blue
When she walks, watch, the sparks will fly,
yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not
That we can make it right
Baby's b-b-burnin'
Right now, it's right now
Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony!
any thing according to his will, he heareth us: 5:15 And if we know
I know what you're thinkin'
Stop lookin' out, start lookin' in
Around pick up my guitar and play just like yesterday then I'll get on my knees
 assured that
I'm a peek-a-boy, looking at girls
That's what's comin' down
You look at every face in a crowd
Selective amnesia
But I know Joe didn't go to heaven, no.
'Cause honey, something reached out and touched me
3:13 Marvel not, my brethren, if the world hate you.
as we have received a commandment from the Father.
Don't you know how much I make?
Gonna blow this whole town
Ain't goin' down to no Crossroads
I don't know. I might be able to make it through. What the hay?
even as he walked.
sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee; 18:23 And
19:11 And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that
among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly
The ocean breezes cool my mind
Ah, there's still some fight in me
Tell me, is it enough? Wow!
out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.
Say it!
An' it feels so nice So nice Woo!
1:12 And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being
but the shakes over you
I just got to splurge
Love comes walkin' in
I been to the edge
Yeah, the wetter the better
It's the hardest thing, oh Lord
virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth.
forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather
I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble, ah!
It makes her radiant
for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the serpent.
She wants a good life, ah! An' all the best
If there's a tear in your eye,
 her bags and leave
You're old enough to
I didn't know about this school
Bad for the rock, bad for the roll
Well, i can't dance
Never for all with you
Whoa baby please, Yeah I can't take it anymore. Whoa!
21:26 And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into
5:13 And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and
I'll bear the cross on Judgement Day
liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and
Uh no, no, no
thousand thousand: and I heard the number of them.
So if you're feeling like
Fine piece o' real estate. Yeah
Yeah! All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh
If that's the way it must be, okay
Now I'm ahead of the game
For starters you could buy me a drink...
I'm just a sucker for a pretty face
All flavors and pushups too
robes were given unto every one of them; and it was said unto them,
10:4 And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about
churches.
Somebody get me a doctor. Ah, yeah!
Counter-blast
Alright! Alright!
I'm a regular guy
laughter
Now that I've found you
Everybody else gotta pay cash...
They said the wild boys go head to head
11:18 And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time
was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were upon the earth,
Just a shark on the street mama
I've heard a story
Mmm babe I know you're in love Women in love
and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? who
Yours in a simple 
At the 'leventh hour I'm goin' back outside
Your love starts fallin' down
Got a pocket full o' 
Are you ready for a 
But ask yourself later
And with any luck
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
We think a lot but don't talk much about it
Come on, 'n gimme somethin'
unforgiven
Put berries on bananas I need a second helping
Wide open spaces
2:29 If ye know that he is righteous, ye know that every one that
voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying,
Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does
Will you ever be the same?
Now check me out on the good side here
Well, wish no more `cause
10:11 And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many
Now Jamie's been in love before Ahh-ahh
Ooh, how does it feel when it' love?
Smile and grin at the change all around pick up my guitar and play just like
Well I tried to send a message
And there I stood and looked down
Look at all that money, baby
Yeah, and this one is outs
Uh, momma fill my cup up
Broke a heart for someone like you
wrought, but that we receive a full reward.
No distractions, I'm on a mission
You can feel it, yeah!
Yeah, in my 
An' wind's in your beer can
18:8 Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning,
He's doin' the dishes 'n moppin' up that floor Yes he is
It's so hard when love is blind.
Memory filling, filling this empty room
our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever.
All these crazy women
You would think I really have it made now
Never mind
Don't call us, we'll call you
the truth
Everybody needs some!
were, should be fulfilled.
She's as strong as the mountains, walks tall as the trees
Got one foot out the door
In the heat of the summer
Right on time, you will arrive
Makin' plan's a waste. Ain't no future here
The sword or the pen can be
I'm under your spell
Why don't you shut up
with blood, and they were cast upon the earth: and the third part of
Mama I can be both of them I got the 
And a couple fly
But you don't want to hear me
and a day, and a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men.
Want! Want! Yeah! Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah!
Woman, I've been thinkin'
I'm livin' with the aftershock
Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the
 with you
upon them which saw them.
When you were learning to see. oooooooh
1:13 I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write
Oh yeah! Oh yeah!
All you bad bad bad...
I ain't got nobody
You can stop me now
Well just spread your wings
And then something crazy happens
It's really just the way we sing it sing it
Now he gotta see that sweet woman every night
2:22 Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ? He is
'Cause I need you, need you tonight. Ah!
If I fall shy at all
(Girls, girls, girls yeah I dig the)
13:4 And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast:
First come, first served, he's serving it back
It shouldn't cause a problem
All my friends now, they look up to me
But it's all sex without love
as they speak; I will put upon you none other burden.
Put the stone behind, he said
, can't ever be not conceived
It's about time!
elders and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces,
Getting serious, got to see the walls
A little heaven right here on earth, yeah
Uh! Sure feels good, wow! Uh!
As long as I remember, bills have looked me in the eye
daughter
Of the 
Something got the bite on me, I'm goin' straight to hell
With my hot pursuits
Woman get crazy if she can't go
Wired!
Machine
Man, that band can really go.
2:12 I write unto you, little children, because your sins are forgiven
Are we gonna be late
They're dancin' in Chicago They'll be dancin'
Babe, it's rotten to the core
 in a bottle I'll send the message
Birds against an icy sky
Oooh ooh ooh Black and blue, ow!
Well here come faster rats!
Like watching someone reinvent
Whole lotta Shakespeare going on and on and on
Turn your cheek a little ohhh,
When the cream is risin' to 
Baby need love
13:3 And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his
The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal.
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' yeah
But I am doing well
Yes I tried the telefhone
Like a train runnin' off the track
N' I see lonely ships upon the water
19:21 And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon
make it work
From start to finish
I'm alive, I'm electric, inspired
One thing for certain, ya get nothin' free
have the testimony of Jesus Christ.
 and you miss me
Throw my rope
Come on, take me down, down, down, down
This is home, this is Mean Street
Take me down, down, down, down, down, down
Say what?
I know what you need Ooh!
I won't, but I want it
Into the starry night
corrupt themselves.
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Hold on, one more
 for keeps down here, they're the living dead
fountain of the water of life freely.
You get it goin' and you don't never stop.
Ooooooo-oh!
Remember dancing on the pier last night?
Got me so I can't sleep at night
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Lemme hold that
We'll get higher and higher
In brand new alligator shoes
Always another train pulling into
It's not enough
of heaven.
So good, so good, so good So nice
Uncle Danny had a gold tattoo
Never even wonder
For your invitation
All you ever wanted was to tap dance, run away
Cherries on bananas gonna need a second helping
She got a doorbell sign that said
 your bags."
Drivin' me insane
Ah! Baby please, can't take it anymore
Honey, run tell everyone
Waits for the opening
One summer break Same summer that I kissed her
It's like Peter Pan an' Tinkerbell
out, that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us.
I'm normally insolvent
I bet if you asked them our heroes would say,
For the time of your life
Gonna give it all we got
Somebody get me a doctor
She's the woman
Aces wild yes we am
Yeah! She got! She got! Me hot. Uh!
Show me your 
saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints, 1:15
The thumbprint of a greater being
And I, ain't gonna tell you what's right for you
Don't you waste my time my time, my time
My love life was a darn disgrace
Ah-ah Well that's all we need, baby. Don'tcha know? Summer nights
T-T-teacher stop that screamin'
I'm done with coexisting
Ow! Uh-Oh! Whoa yeah!
Ooh la la!
Well East coast girls are hip
I suffered cause of you
word is not in us.
Ow-ow!
No way
You give every inch
you to 
beast; and his kingdom was full of darkness; and they gnawed their
18:5 For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered
Go Home, The Earth Is Full
not of her plagues.
She's a real state of independents.
Miles and miles from nowhere
All the world's a molecule
is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him.
Now ya gotta run to get even
Ah-ah Senorita, do you need a friend? I'm in love with you
The same and history ain't changed 'cause the banners, they are flown in the
him is no sin.
This dream is over Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo
As I ride your sonic, ooh-wave
Communication Breakdown
Rich was better, totally better
I was feelin' next to awesome
A self-made businessman
4:3 And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine
and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which
20:11 And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from
He drove a pickup and wore no underwear
Build a town, be proud to show.
2:10 He that loveth his brother abideth in the light, and there is
late night still life,
I'm gonna do it all in one big pot Big pot
I got no love, no love you'd call real
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out
A hot dog and a shake.
Now, come on!
Drop at a time is all ya need
"Gentlemen, our honor has been betrayed!
By the time I could teach him
He'd be far too old!"
Hit it!
Outta love! Outta love Again
Feelin' so cold
Ow! Yeah!
It's something I can't fight
 from above
(chorus)
Rock on, wow! I said...
And you keep tryin', Wow! don't waste time
spirit of prophecy.
I didn't do nothing
I just slide ooh slide on by ooh-ooh
Can't do without 'em, no!
She came from Dallas
Euphrates; and the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the
occasion
Sucker Sucker yeah, in a 3 piece suit
blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.
Honey baby Hampton's bitch
sea.
If you take your whiskey home
Stay Frosty!
avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?  6:11 And white
I don't wanna hear that talk
Light 'em up!
Been a puppet, poet, pirate, pauper; now I'm a king.
Aw, ha!
That white boys simply cannot dance
hurt.
Hey, ah my telephone is ringin', they told me
as the voice of a great thunder: and I heard the voice of harpers
, was how hard we tried
Everytime you make it
Don't have to worry 'bout the man Yeah yeah yeah
and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is
Oooh-oo-ooh There'll be swingin', swayin', records playin'
So good
Tattoo, tattoo
Yeah, we're runnin' a little bit hot tonight
Slow to forgive, when you're holding a grudge
Work hard at this my friend.
mirror
Now gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
No longer are we the minority
All these secret things I've learned
But I like that bottle better than the rest
Ooh Now who ya gonna call when you need that special
How many say I, how many say I
sealed twelve thousand.
Yes I do!
prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith,
Same amount, woo!
Ohhhh yeah
Best believe that need will hurt you
Turned here an' gone, from on the go
And the river runs a little too deep
Take the stripper who lives next door
up; and it was in my mouth sweet as honey: and as soon as I had eaten
Cinderella, waiting for her charming
having great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory.
Save some money, get rich and old,
On her daddy's boat and shot accross the lake
I'm tryin to hear from the mildew
And I'll ride out towards the outer maze
A little heaven right here on earth. Come on!
But who returns once again to squeeze you
had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.
I never see them, but they're always so far back, oh
the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.
You gotta get right back to where we started from
, I'll pay ya for it, what the fuck?
winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on
speak face to face. Peace be to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet
of the beast, and upon them which worshipped his image.
3:7 Little children, let no man deceive you: he that doeth
Least now I know it's no big t'ing
That rat race licked
Dante's inferno meets the 
Fools, Oh oh I live with fools. Whoa! Yeah
Only you know how I loathe Tobacco Road.
Ooh, everybody wants some!
With some 
An' she gives me a 
You and your blues
Oh, deja vu
Woo! We'll hit the town, we'll have a hell of a time
Dinner at the 
I'm as bare, I'm as bare, as a barren womb
And you're on borrowed time
You want to be a monk?
Do i detect
There's a sleepy town lies South of the border
Outside the wire somethin's movin'
Whuh! Whuh! Whuh! Whuh!
Is the best part of a man, yeah
You red hot Florida trailer trash
Why put it off another day?
You never, I said you never, never,
company
Full speed across the nation
20:5 But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years
I can't stop lovin' you Ooooo
But I ain't home, at night! Wow!
Well he used to go out drinkin' lookin' for a fight
with the kids and the dog.
9:3 And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto
And the cradle will rock. Ow!
I feel like a running politician
18:11 And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her;
 number
Uh-know what I want
Come on Dave, gimme a break
defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but
When you're surfin' 40 footers
I wanna tell you now
Never losin' sight, ah
4:6 And before the throne there was a sea of glass like unto crystal:
With no distraction Ooooo
Cuz I gotta be kept
Ha-oh, ah-ah-ah
red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon
And I'm under a spell
Ahh, the crazy things we used to do
save with fear, pulling them out of the fire; hating even the garment
Panama, Panama. Wow!
Would you rather 
Always one more
and to loose the seven seals thereof.
Everybody wants some, everybody wants big money. Oh yeah!
Shake it slowly,
shall be no night there.
I wrote a letter
Pretty smile
All you bad, bad boys. Yeah, it's a spank line
stone: and there was a rainbow round about the throne, in sight like
You better call me a doctor, feelin' no pain
Tongue tied in a tangled web
Lookin' for a 
Well I'm a Bullethead
Could be later than you think
Huh-uh! Ye-ah, oh-oh oh
6:12 And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there
righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous.
There's something that's left behind. uh huh
That ain't no way to treat the broken-hearted
teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no lie, and even as
Learn to dance
Stick your face in the artic blast
Lord, I think I found, found, found, found, found
Well, my telephone is ringin'
And the cradle will rock
an' gold brass zippo
And no matter Ooo-ooo-ooo what you say or do
Goin' crazy,
I gotta have mine, yeah mine
thee, and all things which were dainty and goodly are departed from
As are the stars, I only have you
7:4 And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were
She got a rainbow that touches her shoulder
bitter.
Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants
Oh, miles and miles. Oh, yeah!
I tell you honey now you've let 
Show me, show me your
Great ones for living under
Don't try to use that thing on me
I tell you honey you're the prettiest girl I know, yes
Hey hey hey hey!
Oh oh oh oh Yeah, you can feel it
Can't keep a 
When I flex elvis talks
5:7 And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that
Hands out to your big ass,
torment of a scorpion, when he striketh a man.
saying, It is done.
And no matter Ooo-ooo-ooo what I say or do
Oooh Make love in the sea
 I'll go on home, it's late
7:6 Of the tribe of Aser were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of
'Cause I made up my mind
You've actually got three points there. Ah-ha! Yep! Whaaeeee!
I'm usually passin' by just around eleven o'clock
Tell me a 
Explosions way uptown
Yeeeaaahhh!
Earth returns to what it was before
Till you seen the livin' end
Baby, yeah, I think that you're headed for some trouble
Your's very truly'
Don't wanna break her in half
Kid'll land on his feet
So now you got a good reason
98 percent not there
prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and
Let me take you down
An' I'm cold, yeah
follow them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
A farmer's 
Ah, she's beautiful, alright,
11:1 And there was given me a reed like unto a rod: and the angel
They say you only live twice
Well it ain't much all right I know
Like the dawn of a 
Oh yeah!
No light at the end of the tunnel
Protected the turf without obstructing the view
An' lil Jack frost
My words at best to you
Those were good times
This beat has got mixed blood
But one night's all we're given
Or she couldn't make love at all
Temporarily pacified!
Ain't nothin' like it
19:5 And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all
Now you feel like i'm wasting your time,
 in the sticks
I feel you agreein'
Tattoo-tattoo
Now wouldn't it be a real drag if we were all the same?
Ooooooooo
And I was up there frequently
Yeah, and that's a fact
Where silence speaks as loud as war
This suburban garage-a-trois
Dig those 
Oh, what a fool believes
Yeah yeah yeah Woo-hoo
Taking me miles and miles from nowhere
This is the atom age
'Cause It's Showtime!
Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin' Now Jamie wouldn't say all right
I went out I bought some brand new shoes
I was bein' all I could be
Hot sweet sticky
You could hear the demons call
Lyrics for "Let It All Hang Out" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
Holy, holy, holy, LORD God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to
Pretty woman, say you'll stay with me
19:13 And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name
the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters; 8:11 And the name of the
Till you come back to me.
Nothin Nothin' else could ever do
Honey baby sweetie doll
love.
Ah Doesn't matter what you wear
They say, "Ya could've least faked it, boy. Faked it, boy"
This could damage your reputation
only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for
I got a fast car, go cruisin' down the highway
An' it's the
More impressive still
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' Ow!
Don't their business take good care of me?
That's what I want, big fat money
Oh, oh. Oh!
The grass is never greener an' there plenty around
Of all wrong they decide and the shotgun sings the song I'll tip my hat to the
Someplace to feast my eyes, oh
Put it off, put it off, until Judgement Day
Is too good to be true...
worship devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone,
Dance oh the night away. Hey, hey, yeah!
Well Oh all your dreams an' visions are based on magazines
we have a winner for the big first prize.
He made her feel so sad
Ah, can't ya see me standin' here
Rhyme. Rhyme
8:3 And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden
people, and nation; 5:10 And hast made us unto our God kings and
You know I'd never lie to ya, baby don't get me wrong
And a kick in the pants
It's got what it takes
Now baby, let me fill you up inside Up inside
And homegrown and down-home, that makes one
There is just enough Christ in me
Then I don't care where I'm goin'
 never been new, babe, child. Ow!
Tell a cop, tell a friend, think we hit the stoney end
When the moon is full
Broken down and dirty, dressed in rags
All the way, they got you down
he said, "You're messin' with the mayor's 
accept
All about your 
Because I always lose
Turn! turn! turn! turn! turn!
Oh-ow!
19:19 And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their
mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he
Lost my soul when I walked out on you
Oh baby, we belong in a world that must be strong
them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power.
make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two
No big t'ing
Ah-ah. Summer nights Well let's talk about love
Won't someone tell me what it is they all want?
Humans Being That's what makes us We're just humans That's what makes us
No truer words have ever been said
3:11 For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we
Won't recognize them anymore Ha ha
All the words on the wall look the same in the 
for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love
Bring that dynamite and a crane,
As in "must 
Jimmy on the television
I'll meet you down at Ooh-ooh the ole fishin' hole
To get a goddamn beer
Sing on Brother, play on drummer
Have you ever really touched
stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden
To knock me off my feet
it was in his eyes.
Isn't she the moon queen
Drop dead bombshell
against them with the sword of my mouth.
 it ain't hip enough now
them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and
I'm the livin' 
You wanna feel 100 
I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna I ain't gonna
To make us see we're Humans Being?
To make me feel almost guilty
I've fallen deep into
Suddenly occurs to me
Lyrics for "Medicine Man" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
Back and forth
I can barely see the road from the heat comin' off
Squeeze some honey on my biscuit honey to my melon
I got news for you!!!
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on some o' that
Stay frosty.
Just walk away
You break this, I'll break all that
I knoooooooooooooooow. uh huh
Since someone used my 
Well your famous last words
Uh doin' all you can to make me sad n' blue, wow!
Where ya been
Excedrin Headache #65
Papers and smile at the sky though I know that the hypnotized never lie do ya?
An' we ain't done"
Livin' with the aftershock
To love somebody tenderly
When it came to vice and versa
By any means necessary
And I'm not gonna' try to please
19:14 And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white
Tell me you believe
Just like any bowl of cherries
the world
I don't think it!s so far
him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever.
Cross the burger shop floor
Model citizen, zero discipline
old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of
twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship
But so much of that lies in our own hands
hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat
This ain't groovy, this ain't funky
Enough with the inner city
churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden
Paint it red on black
My girl's fluorescent
Well I'm just trying to figure
with us for ever.
Uh, mama, just tell him anything
But everybody wants some!
Said she tried to leave me
Yes I did, baby
I, I, I, ain't got nobody
3:3 Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard, and hold
You're Breathin' It
Get it on,
Yes I am! Yeah!
22:14 Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have
Pretty woman, don't walk on by
worshipped God that sat on the throne, saying, Amen; Alleluia.
That's the trouble with love
17:13 These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength
La-la-la-la
plague of the hail; for the plague thereof was exceeding great.
Stay frostiest the most.
I know.
the teeth of lions.
You're facing the wrong lane
I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna
They're holdin' all the cards
It takes up all your time
I need a wild woman
Somethin', that's mine all mine all mine
Face in the sun.
received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with
I can't stop going out and having fun
And every journey's got destinations
But the gravy train was late as usual
I've seen the damage done
A hot dog and a shake
You're pissin' Windex, no foolin'
But I'll try, yeah I'll try for it
down by the Seven Eleven.
 of the storm. Whoa, yes
See I was leavin' but I'm thinkin' that I ougtha stay, yeah
When you turn on your stereo
This next part should really confuse things
Once, once felt, once felt
You're lying to yourself
I hear music on the landin' an' there's laughter in the air
Now I've seen everything
seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a
An' then one night in stunning victory
You really got me Oh!
1:19 These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the
Touched on that feelin' for an 
Baby's really burnin'
No talk, no action. I got no distractions
worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof?  5:3 And no
20:14 And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the
9:12 One woe is past; and, behold, there come two woes more hereafter.
Than anyone
Nobody, nobody cares for me ,nobody, nobody
Only I know when it's time to quit
9:6 And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and
Badness bringing up the rear, the menace is loose again
There'll be music everywhere sweet music everywhere
And I ain't afraid to use it now!
If I were you, if you were me
Hours and hours
Dropped and chopped in Alabama Chrome
Yeah, my telephone is ringin'
Well I'm in a mess
Go ahead on Mr. Business man, you can't dress like me.
But I 
When I jumped out, on that road
him.
Ooh, we're comin' out tonight
them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with
At the local mini-mall
21:15 And he that talked with me had a golden reed to measure the
cubits, according to the measure of a man, that is, of the angel.
shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their
...gonna heal you
And now I know it's time
When it rains we flood.
Oh, little darlin'
Freedom, never had no room for cowards
Just a Hammerhead Shark
Tell us how you do! Hoo hoo hoo!
Talk to Me!
Mash whiskey in another paper cup
That's what the preacher man said.
Slip in a dream or two
Ooo-ooo Oh, I wanna touch it now
they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their foreheads.
Blind man goes
Come on get up make it work Make it work
No it ain't, no it ain't baby!
I wants ta tell ya
Oh, why?
Satisfaction guaranteed
Nearly broken in two
Puttin' so many in life
yea, and we also bear record; and ye know that our record is true.
Right from the apple
Every beer that I pour in me
none occasion of stumbling in him.
All the spine of a chocolate eclair
And it's practice, practice, practice
I'm only wastin' time I think I better go
So the lone ranger rides again
 As Is"
the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of
Traffic is giving you trouble
burning with fire was cast into the sea: and the third part of the sea
I got a drink in my hand, I got my toes in the sand
Dedicate one to the ladies...
13:1 And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out
You mean so much to me
My intentions are bad
It's ah, easy money
all manner of precious stones. The first foundation was jasper; the
11:13 And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth
 done.
9:8 And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as
That's the thing about self-improvement
Whatever gets
Don't let this get around Hey! Somebody get me a cheeseburger!
Man, what kinda crap is this?
Button up mama
21:10 And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high
beginners
None of 'em know it
Ooooh yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Every inch of you looks like a lady
I don't wanna drive alone tonight
Baby, let me run
spotted by the flesh.
Baby, say I like it
his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven.
and songs become a long locomotive for me
Now no one's talking 'bout those crazy days gone by
But there's only one way
The barn burnt down now I can see the moon
Ooh yeah, oh yeah-eah
Go on, set 'em up, up
Go ahead and jump
payment
the world.
I think I heard an angel sigh
2:19 They went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had
night stands
, yeah
You've got to run to win an' I'll
There goes the neighborhood...
Try it twice, ya gotta love it!
Spent a year there last night
Better look out now though, Dave's got somethin' for you
Oh, right now!
Is this just a little something
from God out of heaven, and devoured them.
Says he's hittin' bottom
I can't wait, to feel your lovin' tonight, ah yeah!
trees was burnt up, and all green grass was burnt up.
Oh, look out!
It's all about...
9:15 And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour,
hath given us of his Spirit.
Ooh I need your love, baby take me home
Oh, wow, man, I said
I want my control back, but I'm afraid I'll lose that feeling. Ow!
So many things I didn't tell you
They found a dirty-faced kid in a garbage can, uh ha
My first time in the spotlight
Oh yeah, hey. What they, where he'd get that clothes?
Turn your clock back
Yeah, the one I want the one I want
I'm always a sucker for a real good time
Come on baby show your love
I can take the fall, there's a choice
Yeah, the whole routine
6:6 And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure
I need everything this life can give me. Hey-hey yeah
twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written
I'm chasin' love down a fine, fine line. Ow!
Ow! Put it off until Judgement Day
He's doin the dishes an' moppin' up that floor Yes he is
An' hang 'em high
and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will
21:16 And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the
Alright! Uh!
Uh! The harder the better
children of Israel.
heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of
cracked
Once sown, once can't ever be not reaped
I want some too
Owwwwwwww!
I can't wait, I can't wait
But when I roll you over baby, you don't care
Searching for their slice of heaven
Yeah! Feelin', no I don't like what I been told
So I, I told the fellas out behind the bar
 ever say it right, no-oow-oh
And it's all wrapped up in a tight little bundle
Yeah, yeah ow ow!
Do it til we're black and blue
'cause any moon or mouse says he's a friend of hers
Reaching out, reaching out
Threw me a rope.
Do you believe?
Everything turns out all right
I need another shot o' your love
holdest fast my name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days
So what the fuck?
Ow! He's the king!
Oh baby, baby, baby, don't give up,
Baby, I could let it slide
God, which hath power over these plagues: and they repented not to
For me! It says no more, no more
Tell me you won't go, you won't go
know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.
It's no longer me!
Somethin' to fill in the holes
that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of
Poised on the perverbial brink
What's your name, honey? What's your--hey! Hey, where ya goin'?
I'm a man on a mission
And "X" did mark the spot
And right down to the nick o' time
Just lie back and unwind
2:7 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
21:23 And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to
Potential lovers, new worlds to discover
I caught a cold
All dressed up in your mother's clothes
thousand and six hundred furlongs.
Hey! Better get it while you got it
Change
And then some lovin'. Wouldn't that be nice? Yeah!
unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.
This is the first phase
Feel my heartbeat
You don't need no tricks
Mailman, looking more like your daughter
9:7 And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto
book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make
Head over heels
churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of
Will I still be lovin' you? Woo!
destroy the earth.
Ooh yeah! This woman in love. In love. In love, ooh yeah!
Ooh I need your lovin', I know
Lost, in my own pleasure dome
And now we're wastin' time Now we're wastin' time
Feelin' like somethin's gonna blow
Where the guave worm, well he's mine all mine
And careful how you take it
And i can't sing
in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:
Stronger than Sampson I declare
3:2 Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
Well I tried to be good,
When love comes around
Oo-I, I, I, I
You a sugar mamma
they tread under foot forty and two months.
Teacher needs to see me after school
Hang up the phone
he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the
They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Ah one time
Wanna be
3:13 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
But not one thing I've tried
Ow! Hey!
Have you ever looked down when the homeless walked by?
Suddenly I walked you home
Nothin' will discourage me. Oh, no
We'll need 10 percent,
Runnin' with the devil
Ooo, puttin' the flames out!
Ow, yeah
At that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
Down in New Orleans Dancin' in the streets
I'm on fire Ow!
1:10 If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his
Straight from the heart, oh tell
All I know
And she said "Could this be magic? Or, could this be love?"
Oh All I want to give you woman ooh
brass, and iron, and marble, 18:13 And cinnamon, and odours, and
Cause I knew I'd see those girls again
Uh, just to try to make herself feel better
 dixie cups
from his power; and no man was able to enter into the temple, till the
because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in
God.
will I give power over the nations: 2:27 And he shall rule them with a
All seven senses tryin' to deliver
And I'll give you the stars
Yes I did
Never met nobody 'makes me feel the way you do
we love one another.
Ha-ha-ha! Yeh-hey
Because the day might never come
3:9 Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they
I can hear the sound
Heartache's all around me
Really want that soul, little loving soul all the time
Not so easy to find, no-oh
You got! You got! You got! You got!
Second flash, you're out of sight yeah, so get up!
I've been out there
3:11 Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no
Hey, let's blow it out here now man, alright?
"And I know a little joint upstairs in the back
And without a doubt they were out
And tonight we're rocketeers"", said Mouse."
I'm here standing still
They gonna ask ya
2:15 Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If
But little texas keeps things even
carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit,
I want to do that with you, babe
But tie up your camel and remember
Oh, I, I, I tell you what love can do
Hey were's your get up and go?
Well call me 40 Below
That we can work it out
Burt not me Chief
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about
Is it like doin' a hundred
Soon you'll see my silhouette a-darkening your door
I tell myself,
Once we had an easy ride an' always felt the same
12:3 And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great
Once over, I'm over done
Now say it isn't so, baby
personality
Mmm, you got to, got to bleed, baby
21:5 And he that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things
Never say die
With just a bit of room
Aw, yeah!
Those eyes burn holes
She wanted something to regret
Is that me or Happy Days?
You know that you want it Woo!
image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.
He'd be far too old!
2:12 And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write; These things
Such good photography
She be headed where the thunder rolls
Catch a wave
'Cuz you can't get this stuff no more-ah!
14:19 And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth, and gathered
Around the world, searchin' every corner
I think it's high time we lay it out there on the line
world.
And ya play it with a little pain
Unchained, and ya hit the ground runnin'
heaven, saying, Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honour, and power,
to the outside
I don't know what it's like
Ow! Ow!
So don't get caught here in the city at nite
Straight from my heart oh tell
is 'Hey, you never know'"
dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved
Available
1:20 But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith,
When there's only one under the sun
Honey, I'm in love with a Hammerhead Shark
It looks like ladie's nite in Buffalo
 beat?
Outta touch most all the time
And John Paul's all bullet proof
Now her name is up in lights Woo!
All we need is music Sweet sweet
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, bay-yeah!
21:9 And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the
Oh, I 
I'm so sad and lonely, sad and lonely
And if you're wondering where our homeboy is 'bout now
If it ain't the real thing
Come on baby finish what ya started
tongues for pain, 16:11 And blasphemed the God of heaven because of
Rotate slowly,
Ooh, a la la la la la la yeah
with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and
One shot for the real go-getter
Me why
San Francisco way Ooh-ooh-ooh
Wonderin' if I've done it wrong
Now I walk like someone else, hey!
If I'm right, yeah you're gonna hear about it
They try an' drum him outta town
Drive my 
Just like I told you before. Yeah, before
I-I just don't wanna talk
Sho-nuff beats workin' for me
Oh yea
Wolves at my door, wised up quick
When the night is through, Ow!
how to get
that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years
You can make it
saith the first and the last, which was dead, and is alive; 2:9 I know
, and she knows
Close your eyes, get on your knees and pray
The kids must be in bed
I believe in fate and 
And you grab one
Yeah, hot damn, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
6:2 And I saw, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a
Ooh I need your love!
I'll protect you baby with my elephant gun
Hold on. Hold on, I'm runnin'! Ah, yeah!
Cause separation
12:6 And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she hath a place
3:20 For if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart, and
Oh, that's what dreams are made of
not the record that God gave of his Son.
What your image means
Oh, baby
There would come a day when 
Ahhhhhhhhh!
to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared
A little lovin' On my mind
I really do want to go
Left me here to die alone
Oh, you're talkin' bout your leavin'
Three dollars, first minute gosh, man! After that, cost ya four
Down to Cabo, woo!
I'll whisper in your dreams
But I was young and I was far from lonely
1:17 But, beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of
Lookin' for a direction
the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.
Got no room to second 
Have you ever really touched love once?
You corner my 
And I'll tell you what I'm getting rid of next
him and in you: because the darkness is past, and the true light now
Outta touch most the time
Cookin' up that old time, long lost 
Shuttin' down, I gotta stop this thing
Lord, a lot a' pride
Maybe that's better
not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the
Their 19th Nervous Breakdown
God guides us on our journey
Yes I am
3:5 And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins; and in
2:25 And this is the promise that he hath promised us, even eternal
Maybe I'm crazy or just too high
Danger in the rearview 
19:6 And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the
A hold on me
3:1 And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things
Wooo-oooo
Cuz you can't Ahh-ahh-ahh get this stuff no more
Hey, never's good for me
Blind to himself, he's laughing up his scheme
teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat
16:18 And there were voices, and thunders, and lightnings; and there
I never really knew
Oh man, I ain't got a clue how to get out
Hah, yeah
9:16 And the number of the army of the horsemen were two hundred
Don't you dare start what you cannot finish
Mama please
Some days you're the 
Let's do this bottle Oh! right!
Uh! Hey baby, I feel good So good
And make a wish.
Don't draw the line
And she might just yet,
Lost victories long past
18:24 And in her was found the blood of prophets, and of saints, and
Napalm in the morning
Ahh Care or even wanna try?
You ready? Yeah
Why behave in public if you're living on a playground?
That's right, go ahead, suck it all up Right down to the last drop
Got it bad,
1:8 If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth
Like she like to fool around
But I already got me a new gal to ruin my life
Good lookin' here I go
I so love my baby's poundcake
But I'm only flesh and blood
This jungleness badboy sufferer
Now show biz is so thrilling
and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and
Yeah-hey yeah!
commandment.
Uh! Ouch!
That when you 
To Tell the Truth, baby
Well, you'll have the blues, not me
Bright lights, Old Fights
Well I ain't saying I'm different
Woman with the way you do
keep the sayings of this book: worship God.
I was 
, no love you'd call real
Then I'll get on my knees and pray we don't get fooled again no, no! I'll move
18:21 And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and
Oh-oh! Mmm-hmm!
I don't know, I get down on my knees and pray
Sad and lonely, sad and lonely
You know how sometimes, you got to run
No, don't point that thing on me
Now, who's that babe with the fabulous shadow-ah?
Oooh-oooh You were, the little dreamer. Yeah-yeah!
Ooh-yeah!
Yeow! Yeah!
Isn't that what people say?
We celebrate when the gang's all here
Honey baby my heart's aflame
hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.
 out Kick it
So tell the folks at home
Wow-oo-ow-oo-ow! Yeah
 goes on
Ah yeah, beautiful girls
I wanted love but cupid missed me
An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Oh! Ow!
Baby, how 'bout you?
 that's where I'll be
you for his name's sake.
Stromy weather Oooh ooh ooh Oh yeah Oooh ooh ooh
Or it won't feel right
calculated
 baby, and it left a scar
Where have all the good times gone?
Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and
He comes from nowhere an' he turns on his own
Don't wanna talk about love
Stay Frosty now!
 that I ain't lucky
Whoa, yeah
how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt,
My wicked wicked ways
Stare at disbelief in me when I just up and walk
Senorita You're exactly what the doctor ordered, come on talk to me
Shake it slowly
Felt so much. Hey!
And I make contact with you
Just as long as you are there
Don't give up,
Baby, somehow you seem to glow
Come-comin' back, back for more
Walk me down to the wishin' well
churches.
Go west young man? Aww rite!!
Woo-hoo! Take a look at this!
they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail
Ow! Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-woo!
Oh, come on, take me back
Ah my my my
Ah-hah! Woo-hoo! Ow! Come on!
From new york city to east L.A.
of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were
"Cause she's good enough, good enough ta huh!
I can't get enough, I can't get enough
Guitar Solo
Lookit here man. You got any specials here tonight
What's that? What? Rack a what?
Well, I'll have some of that!
Me and the fellas might be interested in?
Hey waitress!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo!
Yeah! But I ain't no fool, and honey I know a good thing
Uh, come on, come on, come on, come on
Cause she's
I'll be the first to say, that I'm blind to 
Good thing
And she's comin' now she's-a comin'
the world
Just can't see
Blind to the world
'Cause I'm two days gone, and I just can't see
She's good enough!
Good enough!
Good, good, good
Good enough to fl-owwwwww!
An' I can't recall any love at all
Oh, tell me where to begin
Felt so much. Hey!
Oh baby, this blows 'em all away
'Cause I never ever
Hey, I don't know
That funny feelin' again windin'
Whoa, here it comes
Me up inside
Every time we touch
Can't this be love?
Me why
It's got what it takes
 oh tell
So tell me why can't this be love?
Straight from my 
I'll get hung up on the line. Hey!
Be damned if
I tell myself,
Time will tell
If we stand 
the test
 of time
Hey! Only fools rush in"" an' only"
Mean nine lives doin' anything at all
When Baby?
I'm falling
Oo, I feel romantic.
judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the
darkness even until now.
Hey we ain't playin'
2:8 And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things
into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.
She dressed like Texas
Somethin' starts a barkin'
start all over again
Got me a date with a supermodel. Ha ha ha
Always keep her by my side
n' that's as it should be
 times have you said to yourself,
Oh! Juke joint Jimmy is the latest thing
That's what's on my mind
Whoo! Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah
The camera rolls, she's willing
Oooh Fits paradise to a T. Woo!
Naturally wired
tell the boss to go to hell.
And I don't wanna hear what love can do
Alittle taste I can't stop
21:19 And the foundations of the wall of the city were garnished with
man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand,
The Atomic Punk
the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down
joy, 1:25 To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty,
'Cause I'm red hot
Bring it or don't ring it
To hear your voice again
many waters.
And true love will never die
the Lord God who judgeth her.
Holding the intangible
Jesus is the Son of God?  5:6 This is he that came by water and blood,
unto idols, and to commit fornication.
Same ol' pickup lines Same ol' pickup lines
An' I don't need no drink
Trouble by the dozen
Money make this world go round
Well I'm off the rails
Oh, oh. A-lookin' good, aw yes
I've heard it called by different names
Swap-meet sally
Below the belt
So i can make sense of
prophesy a thousand two hundred and threescore days, clothed in
railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee.
In this town that's called progress
This is Yes-ah home, the only one I know
We love the smell of it
Rhyme. Rhyme. Rhyme
Ah yeah, beautiful girl
Don't pretend that its not fun
Oooh So Cabo Wabo
2:17 And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that
Don't you worry bout the morning
 it, watch it!
No I ain't bitchin' 'bout the things you been puttin' down
When the sheriff found him
Time to change my galaxy in case
1-900-SPANKED! You bad bad bad boys. Just call her up
Dig, 'cos I got my own world to live through
bound in the great river Euphrates.
Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all.
3:1 Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that
in the books, according to their works.
vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of
Forgotten empires
I don't wanna hear about that, no-ay!
Take it off! Take it all off!
I got to have a little taste
Could this be magic? Or could this be love?
but lessons are so cold
Crazy living
Ev'ryone sing a little bit, ah!
7:16 They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall
Come on baby, you say yeah
11:7 And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that
Second is, there ain't no other
I've always liked those kind of high heels, too, ya know I...
That it's something I can't fight
saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I
I'm a skyscraper.
To love somebody naturally
Big, big money!
mountain, and shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem,
shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,
16:1 And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven
How many
I'm on fire
Hidden inside
And I know not what it's like
Ain't no way I'm sittin' home tonight
It's gettin' late I don't know
An empty hand reaching out for someone
14:5 And in their mouth was found no guile: for they are without fault
Ow! Hey, hey, hey!
9:10 And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in
I'm a slave to all my desires
Now I'm hanging ten now baby
Give in and learn it from the aftershock
5:8 And there are three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and
Needed someone to love n' hold me
Let Cupid sort 'em out
Wired! naturally wired, oh
Oooh ooh ooh Don't draw the line
Just to try to make herself feel better
Faucet pouring, fresh 'n' bitter
I had a dream it was really you
You got ta' throw it down and roll it over once, maybe twice
To love somebody secretly And never 
This time we got it right! yeah
17:5 And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE
Loop-de-loop
And now we're wastin' time Ow! Now we're wastin' time
When nothing's left but death and taxes
Sit yourself on down
Top Jimmy and his Rhythm Pigs!
Oh, yeah
Is all this admiration mutual
8:2 And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them
Grease it up and turn on the heat
See I was born without a silver spoon But I'm gonna make a stir
No special favors make it out to cash
and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God; 19:18
went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun
What you're thinkin' is easy to see
That's if accidental angels
Oooh So, Cabo Wabo
It ain't goin' away
Because we're hittin0 the road
Oh, I don't! Wanna. I made my due, look at me
Need no lessons
No no, nothin's gonna stop it
I'm tired of livin' up to what people expect me to be
Hey, and it's mine all mine all mine
garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy.
Alright, if all the hippies cut off all their hair,
which way
6:1 And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as
Got that rhythm of the road, ah
Yeah, we were lauthin'
So suit up for the game!
Inhale before you begin
Cannot be seen
He's got the sound that everybody digs!
I wanna hold you and say
I'm a real good loser
2:17 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
Woman bound for glory
'Til your love comes down
16:12 And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river
Or what was he worth
the volume
and all I've got, I had to steal
Ooo, an' I'm sick an' tired of Golden Rules, ah!
How long can this go on
A fire!
With no distractions
fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle,
Tell your star reporter
(Here he comes)
Oh, crossing over....
But they don't know and they can't see
Hey! It'll last forever
I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble. Oh, yeah!
The love line is never straight and narrow
I know that everything in America
Will make me sick or poor or fat
Sure could be a mighty long time
Than one 
It's 8:05, it's time to rock
and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.
brimstone: which is the second death.
'Cause she's good enough, good enough ta
21:22 And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the
'Cause of you and your blues
remove thy candlestick out of his place, except thou repent.
are you an engineer?
My engine searching
Hey, I don't understand
Oooh You know I wanna
Now I've got 
A man on a mission, up ahead
Uh! Uh!
One more payment and that's it
'Cause at the end of the day you could just walk away,
 bein' left behind
And you're beautiful babe, don't never shave
of God sent forth into all the earth.
I can't 
of him.
on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of
No starving kid to make the case
I can't wait to feel your love tonight
To love somebody equally
 good and I'm funny, so why'm I lonesome honey
takin' care of the music biz
Once first, once can't ever be not everlast
20:15 And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast
There's a richer man
1:22 And of some have compassion, making a difference: 1:23 And others
I never got to really know you
his heads.
By keepin' the dream alive
Is only a heartbeat away
the master
I dig both and I don't care which
Ow-ah, anything you want, any dirty deeds
first name
Ah. Ah-oh-ah. Yeah
You never can say
4:19 We love him, because he first loved us.
Yeah! Feelin'
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on all that
Save all the tears you've cried
Silver lights shinin' down
Ow, come back to your senses baby, we can come to terms
Unspoiled by progress
Never time to do it right
Out of my
Yeah. Come on
Ask him a question
Whoo! Gimmee. Ah!
Got nobody, no, nobody, nobody
Wow! I'm gone! Ooh yeah! Oh!
Anybody in their right mind could see, it's you and me
Hey hey hey! Uh!
And livin' in harmony
Oh, well ah, said you were leavin'
Doncha wanna go?
Of a hungry heart
And the girls all get so tanned
Just as long as she drive me home
Oh baby!
She can't then nothin' else can
And you're the one I want the one I want
Stormy weather Oooh ooh ooh Oh yeah Oooh ooh ooh
Ya think ya got the interest
Shine the light on a shadow
Ahh Never bad enough to crucify me.
wrath of God.
And I'm bleedin', like no one else will ever know
deja vu
(foxy lady)
And if I had one wish I, uh, I'd take it
Whoa! Got it bad,
I got the feelin' she don't know either
 I'm checkin' out, I think you oughta know
Might cost you less to stick around
Beats workin'
Ow! Come on and finish me!
Got a new tattoo that says:
wound by a sword, and did live.
I am a victim of the science age
But I'm on a self improvement kick these days
I'll send the 
Philadelphia, PA Dancin' in the street
the righteous: 2:2 And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not
And then I crashed my rent-a-car in the pouring rain
It makes you piss
Baby, why can't this be love?
Say live and let live, so quick to judge
And it's up the road
Mmmm, I'm a tell ya now
the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:
1:4 For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of
first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it
But she will never stay
 less is more, ha ha
door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and
I never met a man doesn't owe somebody somethin'. No
Bright lights, city lights...
I'm so sad and lonely
Oh! They say I'm crazy, from the wrong side of the tracks
How expensive he was
How bout it?
A solitary Buddhist monk
My toes
religion
You're down goin' down
She's on fire, 'cause dancin' gets her higher than-uh
How else am I to know, that all the while
And all the rich have ever proven
Said a lie to me
man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open
A live wire, barely a beginner
shall have tribulation ten days: be thou faithful unto death, and I
5:16 If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death, he
I'm in your, ears!
Tellin' me there's 
Dream another dream Dream another dream
Too close to mommy
Girl, you really got me now
Baby, it's the meanest blues around-uh
At a flick of the switch...
Love of the craft
'Cause stayin' 'round here takes patience
Stop lying baby
A-stripping and stumbling across a land full of miracles
I felt no pain
9:19 For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their
Yeah! But I like it
She looks like Monroe
short time.
The assurance only hope can bring
Mama look out for down below
Uh uh uh
 pleads, "Not Guilty"
Those colors fading to grey
Yeah! I'm feelin' over fine
Ow! Yeah Girl Girl, ooh, ooh, ooh
with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his
You know I'm in a hurry
Tasty, very sweet
'Cause I've got more bad habits
To the California coast
It's gonna kill you
record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and
Show, show your love babe
She'll 
Makes me scream
I ain't beatin', but I'm bein' eaten by money. Oh yeah
22:13 I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and
Well my baby's on the corner and she's lookin' so fine
Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.
Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble. Yeah!
Ah, that's why I said
Mmmmmmmmmmm...
Oooh Yeah, it's all right there
Oh, oh, Oh! 
And an uzi in the cooler
Talkin' dirty, dressin' clean, dancin' nasty by the record machine
The ugly duckings
It's one that i believe
power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory,
Oh, checkin' out all the girls, see what they got
Time to hit the road
Black sand...
3:20 Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice,
and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his
In my little black book
of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on
1:3 Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this
 goes on the car wash wall
my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive
Baby, you're no good. Oooh yeah
Chance meeting in the roaring eighties.
That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the
Broken now, I can't help but feel
Hurry, hurry, baby,
smooch
Piano Solo
But do as you feel
Leave your name and number
If ya wanna be with me
Please don't think about the time going by
Ooh, mama, see the firelights
Nobody gets hurt!"
Here she comes, full blast and top down
Me from singing a blue streak, no
I'll meet you half the way
7:11 And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the
17:9 And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven
with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds.
Blackman, he lookin' for justice
give thee thanks, O LORD God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to
19:9 And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called
Rockin' steady in her daddy's car
Fire...
No it ain't baby, no it ain't!
A dirty water dog
Didn't you? Didn't you?
God.
I can drop below zero any moment, baby
still provin' any night that her flag is still there.
Yeah yeah yeah...
One ear to the ground, he's listening to the dead
No, let the magic do the work for you
That's where we're goin'
A-just-a hangin' 'round let me look for parkin' lots
All you do is use me babe
Gonna drive on through
unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto
21:1 And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and
Been up, down, I know one thing:
fountains of waters; and they became blood.
Tastes as sweet as soda pop
2:11 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready.
There's a time and place for everything. For everyone
I love my blacklight
3:16 Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life
I don't care 'bout the way that you're treatin' me
And I know Ooo-ooo-ooo what I got to do
Ow, yeah! Uh!
Yes I am!
1:14 His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow;
Baby please, I can't take it anymore
You better watch your mouth
bikini
Shiftless and the crazy
Top Jimmy, he's the king!
the beast.
Do it right here and now
Hey! With more time to kill
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground
If I'm right, yeah, you're gonna deal with it
One time!
Cause I'm gonna make it
That's a constant unemployment line
She take me down, down, down to the bottom
Cuz that light at the end of the tunnel
Show! Show your love babe
I got her in my sight, but just outta reach. Oh-oh!
Make future plans I'll dream about yesterday, hey!
Oh oh oh oh When nothin's missing, ow!
Baby how 'bout you? Yeah!
Man on a mission, straight ahead
Pretty woman, I don't believe you, it must be true
Right now baby, I don't really wanna see your face
the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the
Oh, oh-oh-oh oh yeah
Mercedes benz
Looked me in the eye
8:7 The first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled
delivered unto the saints.
continued
8:12 And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was
peoples, and nations, and tongues, and kings.
1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our
liar, and the truth is not in him.
Now pay attention, 
of all things that he saw.
Ow, Top Jimmy cooks!
Because I can't repress all of these
I heard the wind a-whisp'rin'
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up my choice
Say one for me
Better save the women and children first
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, bottoms up!
Says it's a sex problem
So many things can get you high
Now they believe it
And it's compulsory.
over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of
16:9 And men were scorched with great heat, and blasphemed the name of
Blowin' steam
proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.
You really got me Whoa-oh
Oh man, it's hard enough, yeah
Now I'm saved, by a higher voice
he with me.
Communication 
Scuse me, but I'm new in town
When the band be pumpin'
Tell us honey, who does your hair?
I don't need the back door 
Destination is on the floor, give it up just a little bit more
I'm making history
Only time 
Ohhhh!
We'll make it last forever
Take the highs Oooh
Oooh ooh ooh Baby I ain't through with you
1:12 These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with
That kid was aces
And he don't come home for half the week
Tried a little bit of everything
To do what we wanna
commercials
the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one.
Alright
Once revealed, can't ever be not shown
To be on my side
Pretty woman, won't you pardon me?
Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged
Same ol' pickup lines Same ol' pick up lines
22:11 He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is
Third rail can't stand it
I'd just roll myself up in a big ball and fly.
If the cards are on the table
Yeah, Yeah!
which are arrayed in white robes? and whence came they?  7:14 And I
You know I lost a lot of friends there baby
That special moment lost in time
 fumblin'
Oh, sleep and dream; that's all I crave
Yeah, he won't let you pass
Act a little nice and kind
Standin' on top Hey darlin'. Woo!
multiple choice
all I had was hangin' on my back.
Josephina, if I asked you, would you tell me?
To hear what the preacher said.
and you're runnin'
Do exist
Since we were 
phone numbers
Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
 here, honey
I can see clearly now
greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the
And it's club dates in the sticks
Like the sun on my skin
Then, why can't I tell?
You're no good! no good, no good
Well, I ain't about to go to school
You know that it is
Can't control your future,
I was wonderin' if I could get directions to your place?
Wash it out with soap. Yeah!
Wow! Blue, Hey hey! it makes me blue. Makes her blue
Yes, he feels a strange sensation
When it comes to trouble bustin'
Come here you
Man, I thought I'd seen it all, oh
Daddy's little sweety after some damn rainbow
'Cause nothing but the real thing
it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him.
I can never be free
And I'm searching for the latest thing, a break in this routine
flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on
The more things you get, the more you want
22:3 And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of
You know what I'm sayin'
heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of
In shining pick-up truck
Ever gonna give me back
Yeah, that's it...a little more to the right
Oh! Have you ever been touched?
I'm fundamentally for the individual
her iniquities.
I'm pointing at an "A&P"
Are ya, are ya, are ya ready boots?
I will surrender, I'll surrender to my
You do the Dogtown Shuffle
Fore Ahh-ahh-ahh patience runs her course?
I been thinkin' 'bout this Saturday night with you
It's a just about time
Try to do it like the good book said
One eye on the road, 
So what do you say we go lookin'?
You can spend my 
Nicolaitanes, which thing I hate.
Where the folks who know about frostiness,
 you feel alright
Blue, Wow! it makes me blue
Run, run, runaround Round round round round
1-800-GUITAR
twelve
Nobody rules these streets at night but me, nobody. Ahhhhhh!
Hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight
Hey hey hey!
15:7 And one of the four beasts gave unto the seven angels seven
And I got a line, Ooh-ooh you grab that pole Ooh-ooh
keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.
Women all over, cross the USA
Love hurts you sometimes
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Uh!
Every day down here's a rainy day
Now, watch the left, watch the right
In a word to the wisdom tooth
Yeah, tell the truth now
Screaming electric green
Ahh Got that rhythm, of her own
Don't say, don't say, don't say...
His platform could I endorse
Don't piss me off, don't cool me down
Yeah, baby. How to say...Well lemme tell ya about this one time
Still like the air, in a whitewash tomb
How ya gonna tell me
And she said "Could this be magic? Or could this be love?" Uh, oh
U.S. Prime, Grade A stamped, guaranteed
paper moon shinin' brilliantly.
Got too many things on my mind
While she's out doin' Yankee doodie
Well, I think I know who
Big, time! big time!
out of his prison, 20:8 And shall go out to deceive the nations which
Was worth exploring
That's life, That's Life
This ain't never been new, babe, child. Ow!
Now get it straight
wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves,
Oh oh oh oh Oh, when it's love
place for them.
I'll wait
voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come
I'm in love with you
Yeah, Josephina!
When you were last mine
and souls of men.
Jump back with your heart attack
Round and round She got the hook
Hold on a second baby
I don't wanna hear about it later Take it then baby
That's what I want
praying in the Holy Ghost, 1:21 Keep yourselves in the love of God,
of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten
Drivin' all the women crazy
Ready for the town
Gotta make the choice
Here today gone later today
You say you don't know, you won't know until you begin
 the place,
be the Saviour of the world.
And point where I used to go to school
Experience, Do I understand
practice
She's the woman sing it
Wow! Get-get-get-get-get out and push Hey, buddy better...get out and push
wine of the wrath of her fornication.
Oh, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
Rollin'.
Say you missed me...
Go see baby now-ah!
Fire in the hole hey hey hey hey hey
second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald;
and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee.
The saints and the sinners
Wanna play some love with them human toys
Ah you, just tell him anything
him.
Pumpin' up for 
Forever gone my history
Over there. nobody, got no one, nobody
See; the meek shall inherit shit.
ever.
Come back
Hey what the hell it runs, SO!
Who'd ya do
 there ain't no batters
16:5 And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O
4:1 After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and
Feel my heartbeat Ah
He's got the look! Woo!
the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book,
Homegrown, way down-home. Yeah!
Ya better call up a doctor, feelin high
Ans I know it's true
Got to have it. Ow!
and all we found was his hat in a clearing
He's got everything 'cept what I really need
It was...
Somebody get me a doctor. Oh, yeah!
To my master I become a slave
Oh, just one of the mysteries of creation
Girl Girl, you really got me now
priests: and we shall reign on the earth.
They're on the internet
Shu ba da du ma ma ma ma
God damn it lady. You know I ain't lyin' to ya
Right now Catch your magic moment
running to battle.
Think that's where I'm gone I ain't drownin' just wavin'
Tell Me
We'll see the light
I like....
N' all I nee-nee-need is 
Just tune in to what this place has got to offer
That you weren't meant for me.... ohhhhh
he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth
If she can't then no one else can Yeah yeah yeah
Got an on-ramp comin' through my 
Your bile inside better left unsaid
Feeling sick
On the rest of me
The Atomic Punk!
You go there once, you'll be there twice
What a sweet talkin' honey with a little bit o' money
It's Showtime!
An' yo' booty's froze
Somebody give me a shot!
the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as
brother's righteous.
I, I, I, I'm naturally wired!
6:3 And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast
the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth.
about the weight of a talent: and men blasphemed God because of the
No calls baby
1:1 The elder unto the wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth.
A lot like in the movies
and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth.
Ooh Tell me, who ya gonna call when you need that affection?
Some say three parts dirt
Who are you
All my life I never stop to worry 'bout a thing
Lost in a world so far from home
Til patience Ahh-ahh-ahh runs her course?
Mucha chamiga
Dance the night away
No blog-o-sphere to sell me
To change your life, to lose your place in time
Two tribes warring
See, I been tried and convicted, it's winner take all
It's too far to drive back, baby
4:9 And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that
Had the whole town scared to death
there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away.
Well I never thought she'd walk
This is Last Call
 of great things
new shoes
Least now I know it's no big ting
Loss of 
Satin Doll
Real heavy
Damn good times
To believe in a miracle
New constitution take a bow for the new revolution smile and grin at the change
candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches:
And it smells so bad
So many things have come and torn your world apart
Ain't no fool could see
No, it doesn't get much better
of whatsoever craft he be, shall be found any more in thee; and the
Well, ain't life grand when ya finally hit it?
robes, and palms in their hands; 7:10 And cried with a loud voice,
See ya in the funny papers
Ow. Oh, oh, got that rhythm
death. There is a sin unto death: I do not say that he shall pray for
In a 3 piece
Crank it! Blow out!
committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have
Come on, Ah every guy, grab your girl, everywhere, 'round the world
Big Bad Bill don't fight anymore No, no, no
be hereafter.
I'm Learning To See!!!
Ooh I need your love. Whaa, yeah!
High rise, high rent, before it's earned it's all been spent
'Cause my heart will always be, yours honestly
commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that
Right now Hey! It's your tomorrow
the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree; but only those
wickedness.
It's gettin' late I don't know `Bout 3 a.m.
Don't waste time
He grew up square
killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the
And maybe there's a way
Might as well jump. Jump!
against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels, 12:8 And
Kind of creature
Well I'm usually passin' by just about eleven o'clock
oo, from the heat.
You painted daughters of the Tong Underground
Hear your voice again
You got me so I don't know where I'm goin' yeah
And your 
4:6 We are of God: he that knoweth God heareth us; he that is not of
She got. She got. Ah
I don't care, I don't care.
Like a monsoon
Let's not lose that moment tonight
I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and to him was given the
You often wonder
Blind man follows
Panama, Panama
Is all we need to know
twelve stars: 12:2 And she being with child cried, travailing in
hundred and threescore days.
Slide behind the wheel
An emancipation, a false proclamation?
On the inside
And I know, baby, just how you feel
Another page is turned
Everyday I watch the tide roll in
Right here and now
faces were as the faces of men.
with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered
Better change your tune
But never alone with you
Just a little lovin' is all I need from you
Fooled me with her style and ease
And you keep tryin' Buddy you keep tryin'
Well don't skip romance 'cause
Whoa, got to turn. Come on, turn this thing around
Oh Lord, I heard the shotgun
 Ahh-hah! Yeah!
for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.
One summer break; and then I kissed her
They don't 
Or you can fake it baby
We don't save up
Baby, just spread your wings
 a mind blow!
I'll tell you honey by morning you'll be mine, yes. All mine
Hammerhead Shark
18:9 And the kings of the earth, who have committed fornication and
Yeah, yeah, livin' with the aftershock
 the tune
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah Whoo!
loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his
winners
mountains, on which the woman sitteth.
Get your feet back on the ground
All my big 
fellowservants also and their brethren, that should be killed as they
There's a fire, fire, fire
3:10 Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep
in the dumpster when you're thru,
looking for trouble,
linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious
So I got her on the rocks
You'd swear this kid was 21 goin' on 44
So how's that I'm always winding up
She's red She's wild In overdrive
Destiny's a complicated thing
I'm on the 
I wanna live it up, wanna quit my job,
come.
Oh! Gotcha comin' in for the same amount, goin' out
To a question no one asked
Don't want no class 
I can feel your pain
Pretty woman, talk awhile
I'm runnin' back for more
So tell me why can't this be love?
Let's not stop soon
16:13 And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth
Mmmm, said a little ain't enough, baby!
But I'm high on luck
Maybe I should go to hell
Feel it. Can you feel it?
Blind inspiration
I would call this bingo
Somewhere, he lost it in a turn
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
3:21 To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne,
Of a place that's not on any map
Didn't that change with a wink o' your eye
20:10 And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire
Chew before swallowing pride
An' I'll be whippin' in your window
Yeah, you just smile and the picture sells
3:24 And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him, and he in
thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world,
Wooo-oooo-oooo
Ain't that some shit?
She turn your head around
Give it to me now
Be your own best friend
Don't like the middle squeezin' me
Some folks say `easy come is easy go'
I just wanna hear you say
Kickin' back, ain't kickin' you, no no!
You want it straight from the heart oh, tell
Got a lotta things on my mind
because of him. Even so, Amen.
Today I am a star and broke
sackcloth.
stompin' on a dream.
It's later than you think...
Look around. Whoa, yeah!
Oooh We gotta try a little dance
9:4 And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of
wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto
I am you and you are me
power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on
Di-yeah, yeah!
Peace, love and harmony
Sandman, kicking mud in your eye
Down in Cabo
1:3 Grace be with you, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, and from
I feel good, woo! So good
repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their
To be done down by the crossroads
It happened just like that, yeah!
Baby like it or not
I got a steel-wheeled radial
16:3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it
Mihgt be more...
Spinning up my 
Well I'm running wild
Shu ba da du ma ma ma
to the Lamb.
Fuck man!
With long legs
Get out! Operator calling. Get out! Operator
She don't like it when it's cut n' dry
The backside
Ooh, all mine
Really ain't got nobody, sad and lonesome
Mmm, mmm-hmm
Yeah, I'm rolling slowly
Pick up the phone, no time to waste.
Someday, we'll be standin' on top of the world
9:9 And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and
Uh! She want a sucker Sucker
I just don't wanna talk to him now
There was a mischievous look, behind that smile?
But somehow it's all worth it
Cops and robers
Ain't got no money, got no house on the hill
Right now catch that magic moment
If you could see
We were sittin' ducks for the police man
Around the block, maybe once or twice
Harvest moon, soon will pass
And when the back door hits you
button
murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.
from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, 13:14 And deceiveth them
everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to
Well, up for grabs, up for grabs, up for grabs, I am up for grabs.
Ow! Whoo! Woo!
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up your choice
shineth.
She knew he'd forget her
At least everything I want!
I'll get her
Press against your lips, taste the sweetness
Whoo-whee! You'll get some leg tonight for sure!
that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had
Another place, another time, oh!
Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
Saturday night
I wanna hear you call my name, feel your touch
20:4 And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given
I'm the one, the one you love
I'm easy,
Burning up 
I know, I know I figured "Fuck it"
A little atom contained within
 of time
An' if I ask you not to try, oh could you let it be?
1:10 Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth,
Dig it
Well you bring ultra-new
I'm sorry babe
And I seen all kinds of girls
Baby, you're no good Ow!
12:14 And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that she
 into place. No!
I don't, I don't know, I don't know!
Don't worry bout the future
I got hula girls on the back of my leg
Sppirits risin
Israel: 21:13 On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on
Sensible shoes, cuz you're the only lover who was ever true
, to satisfy-uh
Stay frosty
The underground. Oh-oh
But I knew I never could
by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths.
And I see that honey I have lost my way
Facebook page
'Cuz that's one thing I learned from these guys, I must confess
Is this just a passing fancy
And I ain't cryin' about the love I been payin' for
And I believe it's so
shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book: 22:19
Uh! An', and I got somethin'
Yeah, make it nice. Ow!
This is not a test
Ah, fill me up, I'm never satisfied
Baby, don't get uptight
That river belongs to me.
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
"when I die, send the body to heaven,
The traveler don't know where he's goin'
Small world till they lose your luggage, tho'
But luckily that ain't how she sees it
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
It's gettin' late Don't know just where I've been
And I'm comin' to you from All points in between
It's gettin' late I don't know `Bout 3 a.m.
A little lovin'
A little lovin' On my mind
She's my machine
Feels like something's getting right
Damn straight She's wild In overdrive
And I love to feel her Each and every night
She gets along Let alone She's premium
And I'm coming to from all points in between
`Bout 3 a.m.
It's gettin' late I don't know
She's red She's wild In overdrive
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
 out Kick it
Machine
She's my machine
Machine...
 Machine
From L.A. to New York, London, and Moscow
The monkey be God and make you beg on your knees
The monkey is screamin'
He's spreading his 
You'll be jonsin for somethin' to make you well...
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Hear the sub or human kind
You got yours and I got mine
He's hungry for 
He make you so numb and cold to the core
wealth
The hunger of love
The hunger of lust
He's hungry for power
You got yours and I got mine
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Make you crave the very thing you try to ignore
Everybody's Got the monkey
In his head or on his back
Hear the sub or human kind
Homos and Heteros
From problem brokers to TV viewers
Pyschos and users
Abusers and losers
What I say is a simple fact
Junkies and juicers
There's a monkey for every man
You got yours and I got mine
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Everybody's Got the monkey
In his head or on his back
What I say is a simple fact
Hear the sub or human kind
Mom and Dad
And I ain't afraid to use it now!
My train your station
When I blow this tomb with a view, yeah, all right
Well here come faster rats!
Third rail can't stand it
I got a steel-wheeled radial
That rat race licked
You'll be brownin' your Bermudas
It takes up all your time
Being leader of the 
Prophylactic for you...
Full speed across the nation
Just when you get
Santa Fe to the mid-Atlantic
or a passanger,
the top
 of the hill
double stack thunder
are you an engineer?
Big train
strapped to the front of a
You're on a Big train
you to 
just in front of the wheels
and you're runnin'
Whatever gets
That train be rollin' not me, I'm going before wine and
Sometimes it rains right on your...
and songs become a long locomotive for me
All you ever wanted was to tap dance, run away
I've known fast livin' and I know wine, women
Sometimes you win sometimes you lose
women turn into beer, the old lady and TV
Big train or is the rain doin sixty
Big train when ya' don't know what you're doin'
Big train time gets movin'
Big train Don't know what you're doin'
Big train gets movin'
Big train aw honey are with me
Big train maybe you're standing still
Big train honey are with me
Big train and you're wonderin' if you ever will
Big train or is the train doin sixty, baby
that station: and I'll be smilin' again
Always another train pulling into
Maybe you're standing still
Awe reap!
Can't help it that's the kind of guy I am
Who gone and made a life's work
An' I know folks
From the worst teacher goin'
That school's too slow
Experience
I learned half of what I know
And a decade later
Smart ones from the city
they still do it shitty
Then all my life's been fingerpainting
'Cause if it's art
That's experience for ya
The same guy that got on 20 years ago
Moves kinda slow
And as I feel it
You get off the bus
Had my best luck, though
Is it art or imitating?
With a big easel
Experience, I think I understand
, babe
You're comin' up now
And come to suspect the whole experience
project
That single moment on a bungee jump
Is it like doin' 90
I'd rather be an art 
Her top's down
You're down goin' down
Than just weasel out with wearin' one
An' wind's in your beer can
Till I finally made it
Yes, I'm sorry boy
It was kind of an experience
But I feel that way all the time
The one with the showroom shine
I think I felt that before
Well, I'm sorry girl
One shining moment lost in time
Life was kinda hit or miss
But after I made it
And I'd love to talk philosophy
I've got experience
All right
But I've gotta take a piss
Man, that philosophy runs right through ya
Life was Take a hit of this"""
21:24 And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light
The underground. Whoa, yes
And when her sleepy eyes
even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it
 that I've missed
She's good enough ta
, the sparks will fly,
Anything else she knows
There's so many ways to 
How do I know when it's love?
because ye know it, and that no lie is of the truth.
You know you're semi-good lookin'
Says, "Girl you lost your mind?
Smokin' mountain got to blow
of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God
And if you let cool you one time, you'll be my regular stop
Go on and say yes, and really mean no
If you want love if you want peace,
9:11 And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the
Cowboys and injuns
Lookin' good through the window
Yes, I'm searchin'
out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a
Hey, baby. Woo!
All your dreams are strange
Two, three, four
Baby make the best of what you have in hand. Oh yeah
But no prob bob and murphy
Go ahead
Send me to your room
One love so fine
It's all I need
Inside of me
Oh, yeah. Ah-ah!
 me some Panama Red, yeah
Do the walk, love to ball, just one look I believe that's all
fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication
the book, neither to look thereon.
Nothin' sacred, nothin' left unturned
Ain't nothin' like it, her shiny machine
Whoo-wee!
part of the city fell, and in the earthquake were slain of men seven
You'll get it
I seen some folks fall
they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the
This dream is over, oh Ooo-ooo-ooo
Uh-I got to have it
She put the cream in my coffee first thing in the morning
Re-Turn! re-turn re-turn...
Put it off Oh! Whoa yeah! On Judgement Day, hey!
That's how it goes...
Loopey loop, darling, darling
But you only like it rough
 will set you free
Now do you talk the talk?
1:3 For I rejoiced greatly, when the brethren came and testified of
Ahh! Runnin' with the devil Ahh-hah! Yeah!
Miles and miles and miles from nowhere
Best part of a man
5:2 By this we know that we love the children of God, when we love
 your back
 me nervous
Profess to love me, babe
I'm always extreme
You can't quit when you get played
'cause that big ol' world keeps spinnin' 'round.
The song
fornication, nor of their thefts.
Headed for the skies
salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you
Give it up, honey, can't race the wind
Listen
9:13 And the sixth angel sounded, and I heard a voice from the four
each time that I find myself flat on my face
1:19 Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are,
I've parked my speedboat next to some
thus.
You got me so I don't know where I'm goin'
the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them was
8:5 And the angel took the censer, and filled it with fire of the
but honey tell me can you tell that story twice?
preeminence among them, receiveth us not.
Round and round Oh, round and round
Is simply frighteninig
the test
They say two fools born a minute
And I'm about to go bananas
Like i do mine
Jump back, what's that sound?
Ah! Uh! Uh!
An' we don't worry 'bout tomorrow 'cause we're sick of these four walls
Now I'm the last one out
Burnin' up the town
For what it was worth
One thing you must believe
Quality time
There'll be dancin', dancin' in the street
Round and round Ohhhhh!
evil: and thou hast tried them which say they are apostles, and are
Babe, I'm alone and, I'm on the highway
Don't bother knockin' 'cause you know damn well.
 for me. Woo!
We'll do it til we're black and blue, ow!
But she knows what that'll get her Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin'
after a godly sort, thou shalt do well: 1:7 Because that for his
You know that you want it Baby
I'm bound for dixie
But they remember the face,
They gotcha goin' in. They gotcha comin' out
 throughout
No distractions
Must be the place
Ow, ow, ow, she got that rhythm
Yeah! A-hey, hey, hey!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Woo! All right. Ow!
I got for you
Smoke a cigarette
I heard the news baby
Reaching out
Yeah, she opened up my eyes Seein' what I wanna see
I can feel it, the
It's not so easy to find, no
Wetter the better!
19:10 And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See
Blue, it makes me blue
raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy
There's always easy street
And wanna be me...
He just a sucker Sucker
Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
Ah! The ballot or the bullet
Might get lucky
Got to make this romance last that's it, that's it
2:28 And now, little children, abide in him; that, when he shall
From broadway to cheyenne
Could it ever be too much?
Now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool
You're a nervous wreck
Tattoos, scars, and missing parts
I'm your ice cream man baby, stop me when I'm passin' by
When ever you're down
5:17 All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto death.
and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their
I know I ain't lucky in nothin'
17:12 And the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings, which have
Then the over isn't planned. Ah yeah! Ha ha
On every wall and place my fearsome name is hung
15:4 Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou
13:18 Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number
Only you know how I loathe
Famous last words
Ma and Pa look back on all the things they used to do
Is recognize the same mistake
Or you can take your time
She got the stereo with the big guitars
Oh, I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin' things that show me
Talkin' lethal fantasy
Little by little gonna get it I swear
One you might have missed.
You and I, we're gonna feel this thing together
Don't tell me bout your mother
Oh yeah
Can be held by the same hand
Teacher don't you see?
known the Father.
Does not the bit, bridle the horse
At the corner cafe
But when I heard, I took it easy
Have you seen Junior's grades?
see.
In need of gentle care
Burn that schoolhouse down
Poorman, he just want a little
saying, Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the throne, and unto
kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and
A stone bald head Sucker
Year to the day!
Uh-uuh
In the absence, there's a presence in my heart
Uh-ah uh-ho ho
A-Bitch sure got the rhythm
The only one I want the one I want
With a serious pedigree
Now wait a minute
Hot for teacher
Pass the local 
Yeah, no mercy at your feet
But it remains to be seen
Like when the car don't start
11:19 And the temple of God was opened in heaven, and there was seen
 words that you legislate
This is Mean Street You go an' hunt somebody down
Why's he do it?
Yeah, but you just gorra 
In Mother Earth's soul, yet!
Love it when he rolls his eyes!
, she don't want me around
But that don't make the show
I don't mind, I don't mind,
Until sunup
He buddy, take a number
Baby please, yeah!
Don't let this get around
That's how we do biz
Give you everything you need
You need some sensible shoes
'Cause I'll try, yeah I'll try for it
Well, honey, whattya know...Ho Ho Ho!
Christ.
I thought we were alone
Next episode begins and begins and begins and begins
And the Southern girls with the way they talk
Look at this black book, it's loaded with 
light thereof.
The closest to a cow she'd been was eating at McDonald's
Due to budget constraints
Downtown after hours
Oh-uh-oh
written in their foreheads.
So when we face, face the adversary
Yeah, got to try, try
Well, here come one more drop in the bucket!
Pretty woman. Don't walk away-yay. Okay.
No I don't like what I been told
2:10 Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer: behold, the
Big train when ya' don't know what you're doin'
Machine...
And I said "Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does"
2:26 These things have I written unto you concerning them that seduce
should love one another.
I'm a real nice guy
The baddest cat alive!
When they gotcha comin' in, when they gotcha goin' out
Gayman, looking for another
1:14 And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these,
raiment; and they had on their heads crowns of gold.
Big train gets movin'
I know you never thought about it
She decides and you agree: she's leavin'
Got a good job, makin' lots of money
Ooh, give it a try. I'm your last loose end
service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works; and the last to
hath both the Father and the Son.
them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and
3:22 And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his
Welcome to my town, my town, my town!
Fools, I live with fools. Wow!
Ahh, you reach down put it between my legs n' ease the seat back
censer; and there was given unto him much incense, that he should
the things which must shortly be done.
I been places with my face
21:21 And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was
Pointing their plastic finger at me.
La-la-la-la-la
this place called Tobacco Road.
Sayin' "I can't wait to feel your love tonight." Wooh!
6:15 And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men,
Whoa! I ain't lyin' to ya
saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife.
 was rough and tough he would strut his stuff
On the stage, off my strings, down my face
And it's a shame to think
Me Wise Magic
Every body needs a friend one friend,
unto thee: 1:14 But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall
I like to take each step, one by one
 make people
persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child.
19:12 His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many
Oh, so full of life, so free and easy
And stand up stand up
But all of your addictions
All you backroom boys salute when her flag unfurls.
Woo! Hot damn, uh, burn an Amsterdam, yeah Yeah yeah yeah
Stop dreamin' and start drivin', Stevie
It's what makes the world turn
Black and blue
I was leavin' but I'm thinkin' that I ougtha stay, yeah
I wanna chase you round the dance floor
Greatest thing you've ever seen
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
2:8 Again, a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true in
Lookin' for love at the back of a taxi,
Hey fool, wise up, better late than never
Ooh yeah, you think you're really cookin' baby
It said "Open my eyes. Leave it all behind."
Walk it!
heaven, saying with a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of
Ooo-ooo-ooo
Yeah, there is a way with beauty but you never gave a love
Hey man, there was a line behind me
Who's got the time?
Oh You make conversation, but she's listening to your cash
but my heart wouldn't buy it.
Pay for every 
My stomch's makin' noise
Big river
You see I'm beggin' you please
Take me down Take me down
Let's do it 'til
They finally tore the old schoolhouse down
All the time!!
God whom he hath not seen?  4:21 And this commandment have we from
Tell me what is it we're pretendin'?
You know it's more than just an 
And he didn't even stop the show
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah!
Teach you your final love lesson
Ahh yeah! Baby, got ta have your love
forehead, or in his hand, 14:10 The same shall drink of the wine of
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
An' I know I've had enough
 again
What you need is on 
It's not who you squeeze
Lyrics for "Act One" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
When it's love
By the time mine usually do
given us.
commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.
With the sex-pin pulled
The aforementioned
But we still got time to go
And it smelled like vicory
Yes I have
Of a dream
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Get get get get out and push
All these 
Gold tooth reflecting.
Got a rosy future, and a big behind
I love my little sweetheart girl
in it.
get started
Whh'll hold the horses
honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy
Lamb are the temple of it.
I got her in my sight, but just outta reach. Whoa!
Without you, without you
I'm called: Thug Pop.
make it bump and grind.
Show Me
I know, I don't ask for permission
I brought my pencil
I say, "No one moves...
4:11 Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another.
out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.
No, I, I can't tell you what's right for you
brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of
I'm a tough little fart, wow!
Honey 'cause It's Showtime!
Co-op City first 3 floors
Wow, Go- Go- Here we go-
Walkin' down a dead-end street
Stop stop
An' I wanna do that with you, babe
2:9 He that saith he is in the light, and hateth his brother, is in
Got drunk and fell into the water.
Tell me, what are ya waitin' for?
Thet he's got himself a job
Can kill you on 
Man, I thought I'd hit the wall, ah!
and you know they play a crazy gig!
Has somewhat changed the place
Big train maybe you're standing still
Is too hard to swallow
14:14 And I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one
Acrobatic
Shiverin' a-shakin'
I don't talk in front of the kids
the dumpster when you're through,
Let's do this bottle right!
of error.
2:27 But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you,
So baby dry your eyes
And I traveled to the South.
Come on down, Huh! Ow! down This is to Mean Street
Stone you like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
Oh, wham bam, oh Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
This is the crime of the century
I just want you baby
You can hear the sea.
and for my name's sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted.
Spread your disease like lemmings breeding
I sing the only song we know
Well, I was workin' on approval
thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of
Now what you think is nothin' might be somethin' after all
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now Doin' the dishes
Humans Being That's what makes us
But yesterday I was alone
I'm the one you want
Big Bad Bill is Sweet 
 in a 
Pay your dues and stay on track
Got the finger...put it right there on the trigger
Honey, how about you?
Some Casablanca gin joint
Gotta stoop to conquer me
By the time your 
We made it through the cold
the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the
Gonna 
I get the message, 
Dead or alive, uh-aah!
But get it in writing.
thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I
And wherefore slew he him? Because his own works were evil, and his
your eyes
Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
control
`cause this band is tight
Time to tell the truth now, all right
 into your eyes, that hint of depth
polar bear
Woo, woo!
ripe.
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Woo! Oh!
Before they hit the lights
You turn and swear Ahh-ahh-ahh it's everywhere
She said, "Look, just don't touch it!"
I said, "Hey, you never know" And the hula girls go...(ahhh)
 you need some bringing down
Telephone, telefax, telefuckin' teletrash
I likes that, yeah "Yeah," say I
life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that
Oooh ooh ooh Honey I ain't through with you
Give me something to write on, man!
Of the setting sun
No sad songs tonight, something's in the air.
of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give
or a passanger,
One, two, one, two, three, four
You got somethin' that just blows my top
of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death.
Oh no, nothin's gonna change
admiration because of advantage.
Aaahhh!
So come on Ah every guy, grab a girl, everywhere, 'round the world
acknowledgeth the Son hath the Father also.
Big train
Baby come on
16:21 And there fell upon men a great hail out of heaven, every stone
problems
3:8 He that committeth sin is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from
She ain't waiting 'til she gets older
and this life is in his Son.
18:4 And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her,
Sure I'm on the road to ruin
No, nothing could be further
Silly rabbit, you know just what it takes
Can you shine the light?
Then the words can blow better, better
When she walks, 
Oooh Woo! Gonna try a little dance
Once whoa-oh-oh really touched?
great voice, as of a trumpet, 1:11 Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the
Ah! It's a small change
21:18 And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city
stars; so as the third part of them was darkened, and the day shone
One eye on the road, price upon his head
This is Mean Street Lord, strike that poor boy down!
not, and hast found them liars: 2:3 And hast borne, and hast patience,
life.
that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and
Ooh, when it's love
She ain't about to give an inch of ground, no!
 with a wink-a your eye
And you can analyze this situation
A Little bit of luck
The white sand sure make a tan look nice
I made up my mind, yes
Where the East begins,
dwelleth in him, and he in God.
As we reached for the stars
Ow! Get up and 
Over me
Bum-ba-deeda-bum-ba-deeda bum-ba-deeda bum-ba-deeda 
the earth.
 is Right
And spinning and turning
Ah, can't ya see what I mean?
Top Jimmy
Gimme some o' that, gimme some o' that
Then love can pick you right back up
Time for these bootheels to be wanderin'
Always make her laugh, ha! ha!
Think that's where I'm gone
Bad habits
Nmmmmmm dip dip Mmmmnnnnmm
Straight ahead, less talk, more action
Yeah yeah, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble
There's only one way to rock
And now I'm gonna lose it 'cause that son of a bitch
I had to tell them baby you were armed with all you'd need
I don't know. I, I thought it was really gonna be different this time.
of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and
I'm double- parked
Yes I'm all fired up
Down on 14th street much quicker
3:14 And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These
Girls just love to hear
 when you follow through
Bear the cross just like Jesus Christ
brethren, and to strangers; 1:6 Which have borne witness of thy
education
unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a
Now more than ever, you realize
her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper
Once present, can't ever be past
And I'm making it
13:2 And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet
Show your love babe
Through my eyes
Ya know, your sugar daddy
that's what all the people say.
Mmm, fore sure. Ahhh
'Til we got stung
foreheads: 13:17 And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had
I saw this TV show on toxic waste
 down, hit the road
read the book, neither to look thereon.
But you turn your eyes from me
voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all
Late for the hanging, yes he's headed for the moon
People try to blame me,
You can always tell the 
online
'Cause we may never be here again. Ow!
The Second Epistle General of John
Knees and pray we don't get fooled again the change, it had to come we knew it
22:21 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Salt shaker, little lick a lime, ahh
Many times
Late last night
Waiting for someone to come into focus
Can't ever be untouched
the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority.
Rock on. Oh, ow, ah, ah, ah
Will I still be lovin' you? Uh!
come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast
3:23 And this is his commandment, That we should believe on the name
Going crazy
present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding
angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four
You want a good one?
A goodman, he's hard to find
sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden crown, and
the sun light on them, nor any heat.
2:21 I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth, but
That funny feelin' again windin'
Only adventures that i regret
My Karma just ran over your dogma
Ah, precious sweetheart
You know it's more than just some new sensation
Oh yeah, let's get it on,
In concern of time
I don't need so much to remember
fornication.
Just Ahh-ahh-ahh sing a song and think 'bout 
, your husband's comin' home
No way to 
Don't let this get around to the outside
Not now, 
Feel like throwin' in the towel?
spoken against him.
birth, and pained to be delivered.
Yeah! She's gotta have soul
A little luck and attitude
All I need is a beautiful girl
Ah-ah. Summer nights In the heat of the summer
Ready, set, go!
Didn't you? Uh!
Or I don't want one at all
13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names
When nothin's simple, then nothin's learned
the healing of the nations.
Huh! She want a sucker Sucker
I just can't take it
Needed a girl to call my one and only
And who's that standin' there in the corner?
But before we do
I know, I know
Once. Whoa-oh really, really touched?
He travels light, without a 
Some call it luck, it's all the same
Put it off, until Judgement Day
it not; for it is given unto the Gentiles: and the holy city shall
Spent one cold night in Berlin, yeah
It's just something you feel together
Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were
I'm doing the victory dance!
the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three
They'll run you til you d-d-d-drop
Guitar
If we stand 
 upon his head
New rayban shades but I'm a heartache on parade now
Oh, I know you wanna touch
Yeah! With more time to kill
It's really true how nothin' matters
Found that girl with a lonesome john
A bitter pill, and an overcast
Don't pretend that its your first time
Is this the one that got away?
I hold fate from a string
For the distance between us
Better keep that in mind! Keep it in mind
Little bit o' luck never hurt no one
Now lose the dress, keep the 
To go into a curve
Don't mess around
No one's above suspicion, no one's got it wired
Drown my faith in Trinity, yeah
Whoa! Girl Girl gone bad
Oh yeah Yeah, you really got me now
Yeah, my freezer's just hummin'
overcome them: and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues,
Looked like a long lost friend
It's 2 a.m. and traffic's slow
Would you wanna know me
trumpeters, shall be heard no more at all in thee; and no craftsman,
fellowservant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which
They're in the pasture
You know that you want it Baby!
How about a great big slice for me
21:17 And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred and forty and four
Ain't got nobody, waitin' at home
Grab me some a-that big fat money
There will be a blue sky.
I will show you all around
Cuz I ain't so bad
You broke every heart
Look beyond the kung-fu fighting.
Please don't nail me baby
Could not recall just where or when
stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white
Doin' time behind these bedroom walls
With the right lighting you'll go far
But the sun still shines
It's all from havin' someone knowin'
Ow yeah, ow!
I said, "Don't get smart with an angel, babe
Are you alright?
11:5 And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their
that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once
Yesterday was such an easy game for you to play
For a bird's eye view of the play
A slice at a time Wha-oh yeah!
Woo, come here, honey. Come here, come here, come here
21:3 And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the
Just lie back
That number is forever like the struggle here to win
I'm a broadway bullet
Claiming victory, oh but that's not me
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh!
It's a good impersonation
That's what's comin' down on the inside
fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the
I don't wanna hear about it later I do what I want to
9:5 And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that
Yeah, but you just gorra learn
You can't get romantic on a subway line
In my cleanest dirty jeans
Pretty woman, don't make me cry
You find your real bottom line is when your
saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David,
Oh, no, no, ah!
`Bout 3 a.m.
Stay on my wing
Safe from harm
I's the feeling we're under
the prophecy of this book.
Like she's workin' on a heart attack
Whoa, yeah!
Don't say, don't say, don't say, don't say...
You're no good, no good, no good Ah-no!
Al, do you want a click on this one?
Sound a little bit absurd. Hey! And a little too late
fourth beast say, Come and see.
Ow! Come on baby, good
And I see lonely ships upon the water
Girl, you better start thinkin' somethin' real
1:12 Having many things to write unto you, I would not write with
there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their
I'll be lickin' round your knees
Baby don't you worry, you ain't gotta play no fool
heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power, be unto
foaming out their own shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the
commandments, and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.
Who Ooh-ooh cares about the clouds when we're together
On my shoulder is a number of the chapter he was in
Cause these are good times
11:8 And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city,
17:14 These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome
Ow! Her movies get down like you won't find in my hometown
Hot tub loosen up...baby's been soaking
I believe it was inevitable
Turn your clocks back!
which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and
Oooh-oooh You are the little dreamer
So it must have been two other people
Homegrown and down-home, yeah that's the one
Hey, watch the left, watch the right
Oh by the way, what's your sign?
You said you loved me only
In my imagination
We take a chance with new beginnings
Counter blast, Interstellar facial full
You can't imagine
Ain't got nobody, waitin' at 
Aw, but uh, she just lookin' good
was like a flying eagle.
own ungodly lusts.
I'm not up here often
Justo for a moment
twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of them
 can this go on
the wicked one.
and night in his temple: and he that sitteth on the throne shall dwell
Ooh. Ah. It goes like this
1:1 Jude, the servant of Jesus Christ, and brother of James, to them
Hey mean old gal
Suppose you wait forever
If everything is going your way
And he don't come home for half 
wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had
I'm goin' crazy,
Down that easy street
I'm on a mission
Standin' on top Hey baby
with the help and the grace from above.
Tried to tell you babe
It's a world of fools
I think I'm gonna 
I can shoot a gun in 
Pretty soon you just might
Baby make it bigger
Well all right Big Money Oh, big big money Big Money
But this time's our time
Don't you know it means the same to me?
Ain't no Red House over yonder
every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten
Josephina, would you lay down your defenses?
Nice white teeth; Betty Boop
Sleep on the couch instead
6:14 And the heaven departed as a scroll when it is rolled together;
Ah-ah. Summer nights You wanna talk about love?
You look like 17 child goin' on 29"
Say it like ya mean it!
yeah, I'm easy
A Tweedle dumb and Tweedle dumber
She was a dime a dozen
They wish they could be a lot more like me
S-s-s-sucker
21:20 The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh,
22:16 I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in
You really got me
A creature from the sea with the looks to me
I, I'm naturally wired
I wonder who I'd rather be
To love somebody hopelessly It hurts so much
What's the only thing to do in this town?
works, and where thou dwellest, even where Satan's seat is: and thou
Though our circumstances
 my wings
You got me so I don't know 
Mike! Mike! What was that shit you gave me last night?
'Cause we belong in a world that must be strong
Mistakes
This is Yes-ah home, only one I know
N' so they said ah-good night
Catch that smile and I hit the roof
But even this I have to say
by the masses
Comin' to get ya
5:1 And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book
Can't comprehend the meaning of the metaphysical
Fools, I live with fools
Oh, you make me nervous
When you reach out to touch somebody, baby
So very autobiographic!
him an hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father's name
I'm a bad little 
1:9 Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he
Explodo paint
They said he used to sleep the sleep of the just
22:18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the
Own me. She owns it.
there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which had the mark
Pretty woman, I couldn't help but see
You coukd never, no, no, no, never, beat this squeeze!
 o' anything
Well, I went down yonder in Louisville
Have you ever been touched?
When heavy is the weight of the world
Yeah, can you shine the light?
Delusions of eloquence
Lemme show you
Or even suspect it
Oh Hell yeah yeah!
Don't want 'em to get your goat?
19:8 And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen,
1:7 Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like
Some shine and some keep you guessin'
Don't show 'em where it's hid.
Say baby
dreams
was given unto him to scorch men with fire.
Ah yeah! Woo! My kinda action
Splash that holy water on me
it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and
This must be just like livin' in paradise
I drive just like you!
Ow! Forgive me father, for I have sinned
All right!
And you know it's true
17:15 And he saith unto me, The waters which thou sawest, where the
Winds up tired with who he meets
I'll give you bright red cheeks
I never sent it
Movin' up and down In 'n out
A fallen angel looked a lot like you
Sometimes a certain tom's he gotta peep
The babysitter and me got biz
14:15 And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud
 when that girl was prom queen? Oh, wow
Let me hear ya!
Tell me what is wrong
Good, God y'all
I have your 
But i'm the right tool for the job
vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.
received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image.
So can't ya see me standing here
Show your love
Hey! I barely survived
filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be
Throw your headphones on
That's right!
To east L.A.
Whoa, whoa, pretty woman
To love somebody faithfully
Yeah! Some low life flat head scum infects
Keep that in mind, when we say goodbye
them that worship therein.
I just pulled up
2:20 Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou
Tell me, tell me, tell me
7:2 And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the seal
devil shall cast some of you into prison, that ye may be tried; and ye
You know some people are different, now ain't that a cryin' shame
is able to make war with him?  13:5 And there was given unto him a
I given you my self with no conditions
Wow! It's a simple fantasy
river, was there the tree of life, which bare twelve manner of fruits,
Oh, no! They won't believe it when they
The matter of the real fact is
A little low on cash
Outside, Out of line!
And we can rock all night
Ah yeah! Beautiful girls
Hey, I don't know
I cant wait, I can't wait
Here we go around Round round round
Pretty woman, the kind I'd like to meet
them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a
were full of eyes within: and they rest not day and night, saying,
Ooh Ya got to have it quick Got to have it quick
Stay frosty now.
Until we meet again
Just, get up and make it work
Now ya don't
I love my house
the sea, nor on any tree.
When the tide comes in.
Know something to be true, then deny it
firecrackin' on the fourth of July.
Daddy's home
I got no taste
A million ways, I've been thinking of
1:5 I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this,
I got puddin' pie, banana dixie cups
Hurts my head
Neighbors gettin' crazy 'bout the noise next door
Yeah they always try to nail ya
Oh, yeah! Ya-yeah!
for no man buyeth their merchandise any more: 18:12 The merchandise of
They told me it was Chairman Mao-uh
Well, I've always tripped on 
5:19 And we know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in
Ain't got your head right
wipe away all tears from their eyes.
Yeah, if this love has got you down
One, two, three, four
Towards those burning sands
star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Cuz satisfyin' you is the thing that gets me off
Got to have it
Don't 
He said, "Your arms too short to box with God.
Here's a secret to make you think
 I better save my breath. Wow!
Lost in this pleasure dome
There goes my beeper
descending out of heaven from God, 21:11 Having the glory of God: and
"when I die, send the body to heaven,
The traveler don't know where he's goin'
Small world till they lose your luggage, tho'
But luckily that ain't how she sees it
You won't find me hangin' round
But it's my life
When that evenin'
Sun go down
Ain't no good life
I know the Night Life
Yeah, but it's my life
Bout some old used to be
All the people
They all just dreamin'
Just like you and me
Ain't no good life
They know the Night Life
Nothing but people
 to the blues
Yeah, but it's my life
Hear what they say
A whold boulevard of broken dreams
Listen to the blues, baby
Baby, 
Wait a minute
Don't tell me life
What's that I think I hear, I say!
Hear the guitar 
Cause I know the Night Life
Ain't no good life
Is just an empty thing
listen
And put it on your skin
First I take my finger
And then it turns to red again
Makes a little white mark
And you got nothin' to do
Come on up to the roof
And you wanna get a sunburn
So if you're lazy on a Sunday
The city's fairly steamin'
I think your nose is peelin'
The sun is hot and clear
I can taste your skin from here
Come on up to the roof
And you wanna get a Sunburn
Any Tuesday'll do
So if you're lazy on a Sunday
Looked like 
See, I was up here yesterday
Sounds like...
 upon a music paper
Gets the last line
Saw some pigeons on a power line
I wrote it down
 Manhatten
We burnt the city down here
You're Breathin' It
Dante's inferno meets the 
(Night Life)
Street Life, Night Life
 is Right
And it smelled like vicory
(Wild Life)
A lot like in the movies
Sex Life, Wild Life
Late last night
(Street Life)
(Sex Life)
Are ya scared?
Atmosphere
It makes you laugh
It makes you piss
It makes you cry
With some 
I barely made it through
 and a few CDs
new shoes
Now I don't mind some danger
So, I took a little hit
You're Breathin' It
(Night Life)
StreetLife, Night Life
(Wild Life)
Sex Life, Wild Life
Just when I'm gettin' kinda used to the taste
I saw this TV show on toxic waste
Don't have a heartattack
(Street Life)
(Sex Life)
Are ya scared?
And now a message 'bout the ozone layer
You're Breathin' It
Atmosphere
It makes you laugh
It makes you piss
It makes you cry
Never solved a thing, I differ
It solved some crackhead dealer
You're Breathin' It
StreetLife, Night Life
Down on 14th street much quicker
And if you're wondering where our homeboy is 'bout now
Sex Life, Wild Life
And if you think that violence
Don't have a heartattack
Explosions way uptown
(You're Breathin' Him...)
If I can make it there
I'm gonna be a part of it
I'm leavin' today
In old New York
Start spreadin' the news
New York, New York
These vagabond shoes are ready to stray
I make it anywhere
And I don't think the devil's
I don't think so!
Me from singing a blue streak, no
Empty pockets never stopped
Ever gonna give me back
Hey mean old gal
Yes I did, baby
It's like a full time 
Yeah I'm the same old number
You know the cross-town bus just rolled
But we still got time to go
'Cause stayin' 'round here takes patience
occupation
I've become a diplomaniac
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Yeah I'm believing that you needin' yo relaxation
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
I don't think so mama!
but honey tell me can you tell that story twice?
No it ain't, no it ain't baby!
I think ya better get it all ready girl
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
; and then I kissed her
'Cause there's a function at the junction,
Yes I am!
See I was born without a silver spoon But I'm gonna make a stir
And was singin' it
On her daddy's boat and shot accross the lake
One summer 
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
One summer break Same summer that I kissed her
On her daddy's boat and shot across the lake Yeah!
Baby, PLEASE!! Little ain't enough, aw yeah, Wow!
Mmmm, said a little ain't enough, baby!
No it ain't baby, no it ain't!
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Just a paradise on a roll
Well, look at me
Fatality on a Saturday night
Well, honey I know you never satisfied
Is this a blessing in disguise?
Right between the eyes
Got me in her sights
You better...
C'Mon and take the fat chance
Sit back and let it all unfold
This ain't suicide
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
Not how much you make
how much
 to me
Is it good for you, 'cause it's good for me!
And you can tell 'em last night
You say you don't wanna dance
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Shut yo' mouth an' hit the floor
That it's all 
You Better...
How's your love life, how's your sister
And blame it all on rock'n'roll
Ooh, I can't resist
Honey 
 you spend, baby
That you was blind to see
Is this the one that gets away?
Well, lemme tell ya my friend
listen
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Talkin' about me, baby
Shoot it, Shoot it
Is it good for you, it's good for me!
Want some good clean fun?
You say you don't wanna dance
Well, I heard you play with guns
But you can trust in me
Don't cry wolf too many times, baby
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Honey listen to me
An' I see you got a vacancy!
Whoo! Dressed to the nines
Shut yo' mouth an' hit the floor
And you can tell 'em last night
And blame it all on rock'n'roll
That you was blind to see
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
I'm just a movin' target, mama
You pull yo gun, you better...
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Is it good for you, 'cause it's great for me!
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
Is it good for you?
Set 'em up, Shoot 'em down
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
It's unbelievably spectacular from over here, baby...
A friend in need, I love ya honey!
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
I can't deny that woman is mine, all right
Between trouble an' my Lady Luck
Clear off the beaten path
I'm off an' runnin'
But I know that I ain't comin' back
But I can't wait to get there
Don't know where I'm goin'
will tell
Sometimes I laugh to win
Aww yeah!
An' only time 
I don't know where I'm goin'
Cause he who laughs lasts
Casts a magic spell
Time after time I'm walkin' the line
Will I make that turn?
I see the headlights burnin'
Only time will tell!
And ride 'em cowboy that we did
She liked to ride 'em 
Between trouble an' my Lady Luck
cowboy
Who can take me, baby?
Who can tell it well?
Lady Luck
More than most could stand
Don't sing me ballads
Then she found another man
Pass the buck an' live it up
Lady Luck, yeah!
Life's a game for me
Who can race me child?
Time after time I'm walkin' the line
I can't deny that woman is mine, all right
So don't throw that book at me
She said...
Now baby please, baby...Please!
Mine all right
I'm hot!!
Whoa, all right...
Baby please...
Never leave me Lady Luck
Woh, yeah, Lady of mine, yeah
Ow...all right
Lady Luck
Aww right!
I seen your behind, aw yeah
Hear the light'nin', whoa yeah
Trouble ahead, trouble behind
Oooh, baby
All right
Lady luck, I tried to please tho'
Trouble ahead, Trouble behind
And fear the thunder, whoa yeah
'Fore ya float that arc
You better save me a space
Kings lay with whores
Well, it's time to go
Whoa yeah, the Hammerhead Shark
And a time of grief
Now, now now Johnny liked to drink and fight
Yeah the world was wicked
And their 
It was a time of trouble
Noah said to his missus
 were cold
For my hammerhead shark
hearts
And begat thieves
And he raised big hell every Saturday night
Lord said to Noah
You musta rumbled it up
Mmm, the Hammerhead Shark
By the time I could teach him
Honey, I'm in love with a Hammerhead Shark"
Keep you down for the count
brand new
 into my eyes
, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm an easy man.
I been that way for a long, long year
Uh! They'll run run run you round and round
saints.
 'n clear
You got me so I can't sleep at 
Straight ahead in front of me
And I think I like, like a hound dog, chasin' a bird
You say, I cannot get there from here, baby
and yielded her fruit every month: and the leaves of the tree were for
Yes, I'm sorry babe
and that's off the top
She was atomic without a doubt
1-800-Tell-Me-Baby!
our God for ever and ever. Amen.
Won't make me a prince
This is my chance to fly
My quiet contemplation
When was the last time baby?
Oh, I like it
Just to piss me off?
Ah. Take each step baby, one by one
And this world can disagree
Who's that unexpected company?
Best part of a man. Ah
Nothin' feels the same
Come on!
There's no need to be denied
Fatman, he's ordering seconds
Ahhh-ahh I know how it's gonna be
A corvette stingray, I do it my way
I don't think so mama!
19:17 And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud
written within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals.
of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six
The future ain't what it used to be
While your back is turned
'Til we meet again some other day
I think it's perfect timing
Have you seen her? So fine and pretty
which are the seven Spirits of God.
Keep your eyes wide open, babe
I know what you need
Gotcha comin' in for the same amount, goin' out!
 dream
is from the beginning. I have written unto you, young men, because ye
I can almost t-taste it, I want more
Oh, no
She treat me like a personal Jesus
Ah, Text me baby!
I'm just a gigolo everywhere I go
In Coconut Groove
Christ, hath not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he
I'll try and I'll try, 'til I'm satisfied
Cuz we've got perfect timing
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Whoa!
So if you seein' down my backstreets
Too much temptation, 'nuff to kill a generation
hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the
is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth.
Cause I'm filing charges on your soul
I've been to Rome, Dallas, Texas
You be Barbie Doll
shivers: even as I received of my Father.
Show it!
So pretty when her rockets glare,
thunderings, and lightnings, and an earthquake.
Under darken skies
entered into them, and they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell
Hey, Gonna make her feel nice So nice
Feelin', oh I don't like what I been told
Burst mode dynamite
I'll get her!
Whoa-oh Ah Come on g-girl, dance the night away
Well, here I'm rollin' down another sunny highway,
 girl, ah yeah
StreetLife, Night Life
Show! Show
So get on, outta the way
Something reached out and touched me
was, and is not, and yet is.
Ahh! Runnin' with the 
No good, no good, no good Ah-hah!
Of all of these my favourite things...
The ocean's roar will dull the drummin'
'Cause you know, I wanna be
Ahh Ow, ow, ow, she get crazy
Just play the song,
Still we try Oooh
An nothin' 
written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth it.
the real kind.
his left foot on the earth, 10:3 And cried with a loud voice, as when
was pure gold, like unto clear glass.
One light that shines
Or honey, give it up
And it looks like
Ain't talkin' 'bout love
things sacrificed unto idols.
You a desperate woman, need a man with a gun
It's just the calm before the storm
To feel
Who needs the aggrevation
 Solo
But you can try me at home, if it feels all right
mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone.
Yeah, but it takes me at least halfway to the label
Never solved a thing, I differ
The future's looking brigher
And bringin' down the walls
18:20 Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and
right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the
We was broke and hungry on a summer day
antichrist.
4:12 No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God
If everything is coming your way
Ah But now I see how ya really are
are the synagogue of Satan.
If I cannot touch you from afar
Well, I been workin' since a ten of nine
I see it comin'
Send me a dream or two
I got the itch and a restless soul
Awe reap!
Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin'
crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.
horse, and against his army.
3:5 He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment;
I like to look at the long run
They do it everyday now
just in front of the wheels
Alright, you sinners, swing!
It makes you laugh
Wash my eyes so I can see
Love takes a little time
And I'm comin' to you from All points in between
Welcome to China Town
Makes my heart sing
Badman, looking for attention
My love is rotten to the core
So honey Ahh leave me alone, or lady, you're stayin' the night
That train be rollin' not me, I'm going before wine and
Someone 
Right now baby I'm alone and I'm swallowing
prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God
Vision of light, child of the night passing by
was before the throne.
You can change your mind
righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still.
Baby, pull the string
Oh baby, this blows 'em all away
And my card say no one's home
The more I look, my world keeps gettin' smaller
I see a glow that fills this room
Lemme see ya do it one time...
Hey, all depends how ya see it
Got a bad lil' woman gon' bite yo' ass
Standin' on broken dreams
First you're up
Let's take a walk down Easy 
Everybody!
13:15 And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that
3:17 Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and
Ow! Yeah
cowboy
Girl, hang on tight and don't let go
Well, that's a constant unemployment line
Yesterday, I saw my love light shine
nought. And every shipmaster, and all the company in ships, and
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, bottoms up
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy
The General Epistle of Jude
ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and
4:7 And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a
That's when push come to shove
And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath
quickly.
4:4 And round about the throne were four and twenty seats: and upon
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Must be the heat
into the lake of fire.
And try an' ease your situation
And I say rock on. Uh! Rock on
Nobody, nobody cares for me
I pick myself up and get back in the race.
I do not refuse it
Least likely to succeed
, champagne bottle
Oh, yeah!
I am two parts diamond
Josephina, there's so much I want to know
Just like I told you before. Uh, before
But I, I just can't do it all
 of an education
So baby, make up your mind Women in love
the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses
Oh, crossing over
Ooh I, Ooh I need, got to have that love
Watching the girls
Ah-ah Ah, hot summer nights, that's my time of the year-ow!
You got all the right moves
cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which
16:6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou
You never really know
7:7 Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe
Might as well jump
Out the back door
Gimme truth, gimme somethin' real
I pay for the rest of your life
Well, pump it up, pump it up
I'll just, I'll just love you
Now I'm believing half the reason
I think ya better get it all ready girl
Talk about...
We can have the best of both worlds
I got more than I wanted, but how is still a mystery
Shinin' red and blue light, yeah
his commandments are not grievous.
One night he just disappeared
Get up, get up, get up, get up So nice
If I wasn't in the band
Well here's a little trick that'll never fail ya
Hey, I feel like a yo-yo, I've been here too long.
That's right
Woo! Sucker in a 3 piece
Woman throws up her hands
Think I got it now
Ooh, I could say
name's sake they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentiles.
All dressed up and
She got a doorbell sign...
Ain't going to Heaven anytime soon
Power slide ain't ya heard?
But uh, better use it up before it gets old, no
'Cause sometimes it's not enough. Ow!
4:2 And immediately I was in the spirit: and, behold, a throne was set
Come see your children, yeah
Where the good Lord split you
 it up to you big time!
So why not on me?
They're out to knock you out n' put you down for the count
She wore a whole lot of not enough
Wind at my back,
 Ooo-ooh
not for a third part of it, and the night likewise.
Deep inside of me
Pencil weenie in elephant clothes
Oh, tell me where to begin
Like a frozen cold freight train
Hey, is Greg back yet?
gallery
Lyrics for "That Beatles Turn" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
Towards the end conflict off and on
18:22 And the voice of harpers, and musicians, and of pipers, and
In your time of need
made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness!
Dream another dream
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, hah ha ha bottoms up
Why don't ya get your motor goin'
Humans Being!
15:5 And after that I looked, and, behold, the temple of the
Got politicians smokin' crack
 doll sez qho
I'm sure he thinks that's cool
But you smashed my heart in two
themselves to sound.
hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.
 I'll never learn
Hey baby, woo!
And it's kickin'
And then you're down
horns of the golden altar which is before God, 9:14 Saying to the
You never get what you came for
No more growing codependent over you
Too bad and I can't help you
He's the man the town used to fear
Hey, they're out to knock you out n'
Here I am, ain't no man of the world, no
that are sanctified by God the Father, and preserved in Jesus Christ,
I'm in your beds. Your beds
20:6 Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection:
And you must never wait...,
Yeah, we're all fast breakers comin' outta the gates
It's about time we lay it out there on the line
11:16 And the four and twenty elders, which sat before God on their
It's not so easy to find, no, no
I've become a diplomaniac
A lot of folks been blown away
He comes from nowhere, an' he turns on his own
Just a little somethin', you know I can't live without
5:3 For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and
Now purely off the record, man...
Easier to push instead of pull
22:1 And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal,
Time rools on
Homegrown and down-home, woo! Come on babe
Lick up one side an' down the other
It'll smack ya through the window so hard
An' honey I know what it's worth
And you 
13:12 And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him,
And try not to laugh
The pages come alive
shot down in May.
Ain't even worh a song
, when you just don't know
Pavement's hot (and the) sidewalk's steamin'
Telephone
I got Elvis on my elbow
Yeah, I gotta wallet full
there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven, from the throne,
Once seen, can't ever lose sight
Teach in turn
When you find what you want isn't even the thing you need.
Still I struggled on
Well right now makin it up to you big time!
I find your manners more important
stream
It's plain to see
Oh you 
Pictures on the silver screen
they which are written in the Lamb's book of life.
For a little while
Yeah-yeah!-ow!
Got a steel toe
14:11 And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever:
Yeah, feels so good, woo! So good
Ah-hah!
A hot 
Stand yp, stand up
King Kong never had it so clean
Live this life of luxury
8:10 And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from
If I didn't think it was worth one try
2:11 But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in
Fever starts to climb, reaching 105°
No one can look as good as you
hateful bird.
Must end with a kiss
Every riddle and every clue
Well I gave her seven children
Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble
Somethin' you feel but can't explain, oh!
But when she leaves, where she goes?
Now will it ever be enough? Wow-oh-oh-oh-ooh-ooh
Everyday I 
Me, I can't get enough, I can't get enough
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Gimme some o' that
and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner
Or don't fuck me at all
I didn't make the world I'm livin' in
17:7 And the angel said unto me, Wherefore didst thou marvel? I will
Senorita Don't you know that you can dance with me, anytime?
Now you're workin' for the man. Yeah
So ante up or let 'em go
Mmm, so if you want it, got to bleed for it baby
What's it all about?
I will not be denied
Leather 'cross his thigh
Pigtails and painted toes
would not worship the image of the beast should be killed.
Well I, I always heard it said
Now that's a switch
Ah-ow!
 get their kicks
speaks
It's so hard to tell
Oh Looks just like an angel, but he just talkin' trash
Come on baby, close your eyes, let go
 the tide roll in
But he don't care
So you think that i got no respect
1:4 I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth,
garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden
The best to you each morning
And served it up with class
queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow.
But that was make-believe
Yeah, there's still some fight in me
But still lookin' alright, yeah
Gross, not net to me
4:20 If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar:
Folks cried, someone had died.
Hold on. I'm holdin' on
But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin
I'm on easy, easy 
Now me look, I got this job not just bein' myself, huh!
An empty heart takes so little to fill it's so much
So, right down to the bottom of 
I got a one track mind
Filled me up inside or felt like mine
That your the girl I want to be mine
The tender touch is not enough
5:14 And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask
Oh! Ooh baby, take your whiskey home, yeah!
Yeah, come on up, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
Count to three and I'll be ready
So if you're lookin' for adventure
Gotta, gotta, gotta work it out
Only deeper year after year
Took a dozen lawyers
street
No good, no good, Ow-ow! no good
On her daddy's boat and shot across the lake Yeah!
nakedness do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that
Your's very truly,
Well I'm a lovin' the horn baby
The debris meets the sea
It's all over but the shouting, I come to take what's mine
prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the
How did you know that golden rule?
She's a vision from coast to coast,
We'll do lunch on the cutting floor
First you say that you will
Hey baby, uh-it's the only way out
Come on, pay the 
of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of
the beginning. I write unto you, young men, because ye have overcome
Get up. Get up and make it work
Her top's down
Mine all mine
Edward? Thank you
history
I don't know man. We're dyin', we're dyin'
salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of
I heard the winds a-whisp'rin'
Uh uh uhuh yeah
They said our love was out of sight,
Spine snap crackie and pops, pal
`cause i'm also
Or another man's opinion
, there's trouble in the wind
I'm telling you
2:6 He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk,
Before you send me away
Will it never be the same?
biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.
When the resurrection comes,
I barely made it through
So hot! So hot! So hot!
the Lamb shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him: 22:4 And
15:8 And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God, and
Judge I found a lover ain't afraid of the dark
You can tell me bout the things on your mind
labour, and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them which are
At the corner my dog won't let you pass
Standin' on top of the world
1-900-SPANKED! All you bad, bad boys
2:4 He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a
Married life done changed him somehow
God only knows
5:1 Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and
(Oh, my God)
Clean-cut classy gal
Thug Pop. Thug Pop.
Hey now baby well you drivin' me crazy
Oh, this dream is over
Purple mountain's majesty show me you, I'll show you me
angels, which are yet to sound!  9:1 And the fifth angel sounded, and
Yeah I'm believing that you needin' yo relaxation
knoweth all things.
Or love of the buck?
Now, I don't know what you may have heard
Or forever you can hold my peace...
12:9 And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the
The moon's on the rise
It was heaven Right here on earth
Now she's working on the 
Give me your heart
Touchdown miami
We came here to entertain you
with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.
Hey, take a look at this 
Leather 'cross his thighs
Lost control
22:6 And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the
Sittin' around just gettin' high
red line
You got to roll with the punches and get to what's real
Oooh We crash on the beach
Tough guy pimps
A-send the mayor down in his pickup truck
'Cause I've got more bad habits than anyone
Top Jimmy swings!
2:4 Nevertheless I have somewhat against thee, because thou hast left
I wish they all could be California girls
And your photo goes on the car wash wall
beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst of the
17:8 The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out
Down to the bottom
It's alive
Are you ready for some freestyle?
Oh baby, I'll be there. Yeah!
That band is on the radio
I learned my lessons well.
, push it in, uh!
right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the
Another ladie's nite in Buffalo
Wa wa zat !! it's about time
Just go on out and get it
hand a little book open: and he set his right foot upon the sea, and
It's alright!
 with all your might
Where's it gonna come from? Who's it gonna go to?
5:4 And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to
13:10 He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that
Take one
Learn these words instead."
, without love
Well, then let it show
Just about time yeah!
Startin' up in my feet
of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Benjamin were
What you were like, long before
I'll tip my hat to the new constitution take a bow for the new revolution
So come on down and get me, honey, while you can.
It all goes clear
And that's all night
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out. Woo!
And it's club 
Got me singin', that same old song
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-Baby!
Uh! Caught a plane outta Moscow
Over and over, yeah-eah
So open up and say ahh-men
Her eyes don't follow me
All I need, is a beautiful girl Beautiful girl
God is love
his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which
wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made
pure and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden
source
I don't know. Did you tell me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Mommy didn't need no little boys
You can always have trust in me
Ow! It's a rip-off
lived deliciously with her, shall bewail her, and lament for her, when
which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was
Don't be a fool
Ow! Smoke this, eat that, my old lady's gettin' fat
 your joys
the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the
I'm seein'
13:6 And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme
I'm a-beggin' a-you
And I ain't gonna copy you.
Turn it back
It's my destiny in my hands
And it puts me through the roof, and yeah!
Noone's pitchin' 
How 'bout 'cha now, come on!
And like the good book says be quick or dead!
city, and the gates thereof, and the wall thereof.
I hear 
and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that
Now if love is blind why did her stockings
22:5 And there shall be no night there; and they need no candle,
See you drivin' up and down my road
What kind of fashion
Wanna see my ID? Try to 
I'm gonna blow by you
Now I know all I want
Woman, just wanna fly in first class
1:9 I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation,
Harmonica Solo
But "Y"'s a crooked letter
 now (the coast is clear)
Hey! Oh, me, I been working up an appetite
Don't tell me, "Give it up", too busy getting down,
us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood, 1:6 And hath made us
13:16 And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free
You're bad mood's permanent
golden vials full of the wrath of God, who liveth for ever and ever.
the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out of their
5:7 For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the
Yes you are in danger
11:12 And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come
Yeah Give it here man. Over here
their prophecy: and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and
Ain't nothing's once upon a time
Lord, don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown
Seems no one's talkin' 'bout the crazy days gone past
She gets along Let alone She's premium
so mighty an earthquake, and so great.
Ow-oh! Hey, you! Who said that? Baby, how you been?
Yes I'm livin' at a pace that kills
Who are you and where are we?
Says place but here
Ah-ha, yeah! Ah-ha, yeah! Ah-hah, yeah!
Not me baby
Ooo-ooo
Got no love, no love you'd call real
Imagine the mystery
two, three
Dream Dream another dream Dream another dream
Replaced, by-the-bye and the parting on the left are now parting on the right
Ah, have you ever really touched
And that's all right (all right)
Some call it fate, some superstition
God heareth not us. Hereby know we the spirit of truth, and the spirit
I'd rather leave that to your so-called intellectual
Oh oh! A "so what?" scene, but to me it don't matter
Maybe enough ain't enough for you
When love'll come or go
When it's love, ooh
like him; for we shall see him as he is.
Oh baby, you know that I like it
At an early age he hits the 
I'm gonna tell ya all about it
Are the ones i missed
Get it all right back
 when I was your age
Ooh You can say what you like. It's all confidential. Whoa!
and every mountain and island were moved out of their places.
I ain't complainin', you do the best with what you got.
Into a world so far from home
Constitution take a bow for the new revolution smile and grin at the change all
15:2 And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them
crucified.
Dolls by a palm tree in the sand
Show your
Dead or alive, ow-ow!
I'm just a red-blooded heterosexual
I'm on fire Wooooooo!
An' they told me it was Chairman Mao
remaineth in him: and he cannot sin, because he is born of God.
shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the
And I'm cold
Talk to me babe
No one talks about the times you cried
Leaving here we aggravate you
Well, they gotcha goin' in, they gotcha comin' out
Oh, we're the lost generation
We outta space
You Ahh-ahh-ahh serve up the truth, don't want it anymore
Got a bad little' woman, gon' bite yo' ass
Round and round Yeow!
Into the atom age
Well right now makin up for lost time, yeah!
Beggin' you baby, beggin' on my bended knees On my knees
All right, let's go to the back!
Good God y'all
Ah, Josephina!
Stands
Buddy, you got womens on your mind
bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the
(You're Breathin' Him...)
So this is love?
I'm gonna be, yours in a simple...
Being leader of the 
I'm on fire Ah!
I found the real thing is poundcake
Ah-wow- yeh
Yes, mmm better take my chances
To love somebody foolishly Can happen once
Ooh, slip n' 
When you wish upon a star
new.
Danger rides the web tonight
me; which said, Come up hither, and I will shew thee things which must
Stone soul sister, soccer mom
Cause I get a lot of 
Feel the power
'N winds up tired with who he meets
I done most anything, keep 'em doin' anything 'cause
Oooh-oooh Yeah. Little dreamer
Shake it up, bake it up nice, uh!
doeth righteousness is born of him.
If you know what you want,
Big train or is the rain doin sixty
Oh yah!
Kiss me quick
I admit it's true
tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they
It's like a full time occupation
20:2 And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the
recipe
Well, they say it's kinda frightnin'
Available, available, available, I am free, I am.
It's on my back but it ain't my monkey, no! Oh yeah
And I told her one night, "Honey every time we fight
With the conviction of the unseen
Mmmm, da yeah
women turn into beer, the old lady and TV
How's never sound to you?
They keep their boyfriends warm at night
Now don't be too slow
Empty pockets never stopped
Stand up, stan up
Like i do mine-
oh I'm a pushover...
16:16 And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew
whiskey
"Honey read the small 
Right up the middle
Satisfaction guaranteed
Tight as a fiddle string
You'll slip right down her drain
Extra point and you're never the same
the game
Touchdown and that's 
Graspin' straws an' that ain't all
Try it once but easy does it!
Drop at a time is all ya need
Shot right through the brain
Try it twice, ya gotta love it!
And her hot pants started late
Had a sunny disposition
No I did not hesitate
And a somewhat shady past
She said, Look, just don't touch it!"""
Will this depression last for long?
No static
And it was now or never
Alright, 'cos I got my own world to look through,
Gonna drive on by
And that freezin' snow is gettin' old, hey!
Gonna go for broke tonight
Well I can rock with anyone
5:9 And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the
I'm just Radar
 baby. Ssss, ooh, ow, ah, uh
Heard a vicious rumor from your mama's tongue
Here i are!
you can have a lot.
Picknicking hard in your moma's backyard
How many times does somebody lie
Ooh, I'm just a pushover
Questions deep within your eyes
I sell protection for a price
Been up and down and over and out and I know one thing:
thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have
And it feels so nice So nice
Hey! Only fools rush in an' only
She's runnin', I'm flyin'
Sure gave me a mighty long time
 and pain inside your heart
You should try my job-
to his servants the prophets.
pleasure they are and were created.
Always look so cool?
12:12 Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to
harping with their harps: 14:3 And they sung as it were a new song
And I'm try'n to conform to other's ideas
their pains and their sores, and repented not of their deeds.
That I'm absolutely certain both's all right
Yeah, you'd better zip it back up
Now come on baby
The essential difference is
11:2 But the court which is without the temple leave out, and measure
world heareth them.
perfected: hereby know we that we are in him.
Why don't you come with me
Got to know why can't this
Don't ya let it cool down
the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.
Chant it like a mantra...
I'm thinkin'
Well we're gonna 
 come true
We'll do the Fat Cat Shake
And late at night
what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they
great.
born.
If you want love give to live
20:9 And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the
Deadman, living for tomorrow
But uh, ah she just lookin' good
reunion
I told her "Never in hell, no special reason"
fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever.
Here today, gone late today
Pay for every dance selling each romance
I am the reason
13:9 If any man have an ear, let him hear.
9:2 And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of
Where the sun goes
Get up and make it work Make it work
She's a no limits
Served hot right from the rhythm kitchen.
Well, Mousy Joe got 
the back
I barely survived
I don't mind some stormy wheather
Even so, come, Lord Jesus.
And I've got some good ones
And if you wanna take a chance and go down crazy
There'll be tomorrow night, but wait...What do I see?
Call me 40 Below
Damn good tiemes
'Cuz I swear I've been there with you
Get it up, get it up, get it up
Come see your 
 here. It's not what you are, ya see, it's how ya dress
12:17 And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war
was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair,
Hike, and keep passin'
I just 
All right, I said
Hero's aren't born, they're cornered
Gonna bite your little butt
Guys gotta see it
Oooh ooh ooh Uh. The harder the better, we'll do it til we're
Ow! Ow! Ow!
An' when I need somp'in to soothe my soul
It comes from a jealous clock
the earth, even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is
Yeah, the streets are a million laughs
been of us, they would no doubt have continued with us: but they went
It's not yours, it's not mine, no-oh
hey hey hey hey hey
Well, my 
Pledge allegiance to a place
And all I 
N' she knew better
But honey, if you're needin' a woman just as bad as me
glass, having the harps of God.
Now trouble seems to fit him like a glove
bedroom
Got me all fired up
Somebody get me a doctor. Ooh, ooh!
He's got the look!
18:16 And saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine
A flag unfurled, at half mast
Gimme everything I need
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now
No man need defend
We're stepped on and cheated
 of me
Its so easy to relax if you try
Well, right now I think it's time
1:6 And this is love, that we walk after his commandments. This is the
and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and
What are ya waitin' for? Oh! Yeah!
Is my old blue jeans
Ah ah You're gonna hear the angels sing, they'll say
Sucker Sucker, all dressed up in a 3 piece suit
Ahh-ahh And when it's over
their tails: and their power was to hurt men five months.
Uh, that's for sure
transparent glass.
Be sure you're hurting long before you fly 'cause, you've got me
to the truth.
To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly
Wha-oh! Ahh-ahh-ahh Can't get that stuff no more!
You're the one that I want
double.
I'm a lucid vision
said I'm easy
That fallen angels play?
2:23 And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches
Cool upon the silent sea
Produce me daddy,
Let me count the ways you rock my world
into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him,
Long shot lover was a real bun buster
Take me where history unfolds!
Can't let that little stuff trip you up
Outta love Whoa-wow! Once again
Then lend me your ear
10:5 And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth
Runnin' long Oooh
Dancin' in the street
11:15 And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in
I'm hoping you feel the same
Ooh Well just a-hang your love line in her direction. Whoa
Heads or tails of the same bread
4:8 He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love.
No more tell you woman
19:3 And again they said, Alleluia And her smoke rose up for ever and
One more 
Now they're polaroids and drinkin' stories
Until I get mine, yeah mine
All dressed up in a 3 piece suit
She don't like the way I wear my hair
 and a few CDs
I'd jump right on a big bucket and fly.
Forked tongue in double speak
You'd be sittin' pretty but you try to take the fifth
That sweet rhythm of her own
He was a 
I'm bleedin'
Oh, Jimmy!
Ah, lazy eyes in the summer heat
It all just kinda happened
It seeems like the harder I work, the more my body needs. Wow!
lesson
Over, yeah
Keep on wonderin' why it's gettin' so damn cold
Nobody cares for me, nobody, nobody
16:7 And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God
Keeping it up pumping it up, pumping it up
N' pray for the mercy of the sea Oooh ooh ooh
Blasting out the night, his cap hides his eyes
I dig a french 
2:18 And unto the angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things
Win or lose Oooh
With the "when ya comin' bcack?"
God, and the name of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem, which
With the power of deity
 that lady go
Got some cream on my bananas need a second helping
Next year I'll head out for the coast
That cowgirl shirt she wore contained a lot of fallout
That's what's come down on the inside
'Til a brown-skinned woman's bobbed his hair
You won't, recognize them anymore
We'll slide right off
A moment in time
Jump on daddy's speakers
Come on an' take the time
It solved some crackhead dealer
How does he do it?
Blink of an eye another shooting star falls, yeah
And the beards have all grown longer overnight I'll tip my hat to the new
Richman, want a little bit more
Woman, all you want is good as it can get. Ah yeah
Panama, Panama oh-oh-oh-oh
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog, and Magog, to gather them
These were redeemed from among men, being the firstfruits unto God and
Some friends of mine, just the other night
Run, run, run away
The life I'm livin' ain't mine
"Don't tell me that you love me
And she loves you when you're leavin'
Falls on deaf ears
And she'll leave you if you stay
She says...
King for a million years
You'll hate me for hearning it
And the tides rise and a distant sigh
Her vision makes you every inch a king
When I drift away."
also having a sharp sickle.
you.
18:2 And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the
By the seat of my pants
 too long and I can't help you
Ooh, baby baby
The ancient rabbi appeared to me,
Oh baby, come on
But I don't have glasses
I've got it bad,
Got me on 
I got no distractions
Ow, baby hold on
seven plagues of the seven angels were fulfilled.
Shyboy, shyboy, give it one more time boy
They never had no money and they always told 
Now if 6 turned out to be 9,
Hey Sammy, I found a hat and a pair of shoes. Are they yours?
To everyone who reads
Lights, camera, action!
4:9 In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God
You got to get right back to where you started from
and do that bump and grind.
murderer hath eternal life abiding in him.
life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God.
I'm just a gigolo and ev'rywhere I go
Gotta get up
other is not yet come; and when he cometh, he must continue a short
Ahh Care or even, why should I try?
Right On! We'll let it shine! Get Up!
Whoa, here it comes
16:15 Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and
Whoa-ooh-oh oh, can you tell me?
 what we'll find?
She gone with the wind
Ah ah ah!
I feel good So good So good, so good
3:12 Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother.
And I love to feel her Each and every night
Are you for real?
Just a little bit of room
and worshipped God, 7:12 Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and
'Cause the ice-man's comin'
Well you never know when love will come
will spue thee out of my mouth.
Falls between the cracks
Sometimes it rains right on your...
2:23 Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father: he that
Seems the old folks who come up short
Spirit, that they may rest from their labours; and their works do
I know, somehow I know.
16:2 And the first went, and poured out his vial upon the earth; and
Yeah, and pray for sunny weather
I came into this thing with an open mind
Your I.Q. plummets fourteen points
Could this be the one that got away?
good man
I'm talkin' 'bout it.
I journeyed to the East
I'm the livin' proof
Eyes that just don't see
we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knoweth us
15:3 And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song
8:8 And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain
Gotta get right back
kings of the east might be prepared.
tails were like unto serpents, and had heads, and with them they do
And pray we don't get fooled again don't get fooled again no, no!
Is they are to life
When the end comes I know
I'm all conditioned, what I say
Baby, PLEASE!! Little ain't enough, aw yeah, Wow!
Why you leavin' me again?
Looked 'im in the eye
and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee
him, That he who loveth God love his brother also.
White collared conservative flashing down the street,
If you want love, you've got to give a little
This is ultra-glide
sat upon the throne.
Humans, Humans Being
You're gonna make me crash
4:17 Herein is our love made perfect, that we may have boldness in the
All right boys!
Yeah, you reach for the golden ring
Chew your words, lest you choke
mouth speaking great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto
My city screams of danger
throne.
3:17 But whoso hath this world's good, and seeth his brother have
every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, 14:7 Saying with a
Oh, Lord
Ah too, too far
Get the show on the road
Yeah, can you talk the talk, baby?
he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man
Swear to god it make ya
Are you ever so silent, when she wanted to talk?
Last Call
Big double take, but ya keep on walkin', uh!
Dance, dance, dance the night away. Ah, ha ow!
Like the ancient immortal said.
Steak and potatoes, a feather in a bucket
neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that
Can't help myself , bad habits
Drive my search engine home
 ain't dirty
Overloaded 
devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he
3:2 Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are
Hold you in my arms, keep you warm and
Think quick or you're out of luck.
If she can't then no one else can
When she should have been with me
I don't care, I just--
Now take the traveler and the tourist
 who's back in circulation?
I think of all the education that I've missed
No doubt!
I can see you don't know 
Pretty woman, look my way
Yes, it's true
Wow! Dealin' with your troubles drove me away-eyay yeah
Feels like something's getting right
Bad for the heart, bad for the brain
when I'm back on top in the month of June.
There'll be a two drink minimum.
How 'bout you?
Her feet are makin' tracks in the winter snows
And lookin' for it that makes you slow
Listen to a beer glass
Take me back
 in her eyes
I ain't drownin' just waving
 doin' that ol', the Cabo Wabo, hah!
Hey baby, woo! 
I can almost t-taste it, it burns
and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk: 9:21 Neither
You know I, I found the simple life
Walkin' 
puzzle
Told ya I was comin' back...
(Guitar Solo)
I'll get hung up on the line. Hey!
Let's give it all we got
Whoo! Sweet little wishbone, oh yeah
I do a lot of thinkin', some I shouldn't think about
, it don't let you pass
Said, "Don't make me say this twice:
Oh! Just tryin' to please you all the time
Well, back in the past when I was, treated so coldly
1:24 Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to
Let's them play in the moment
I got my back against the record machine
22:8 And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard
Only gonna ruin just a little bit
Sometimes you win sometimes you lose
2:3 And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his
stone, clear as crystal; 21:12 And had a wall great and high, and had
I'm miles and miles from nowhere
A woman went to court
If I cannot see you from afar
Light up the sky
11:6 These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of
should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great sword.
Texas pavement
When it comes to your love now I ain't a bit lazy
This dream is over, over Dream another dream
1:16 And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth
How many, how many, say I
Sting like a B-52
When she asked me to dance
Little girl from Cherry Lawn
I got me a chance
And that's just what I did.
, including you
Contact is all that it takes
that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an
banana
I know you're laughin' 'cause it's easy to tell
What a 
prophets; for God hath avenged you on her.
I'm up... and you're to blame
Wake me up
5:12 He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of
They sent the sheriff down to try an' drive us away
But there's exceptions to the rule
will give thee a crown of life.
 engine home
ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and
Swim away baby!
I'm feelin'
Eddie! Can't you read lips? Hey, hey, hey
beasts full of eyes before and behind.
Standin' there....
1:4 John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be unto you,
5:9 If we receive the witness of men, the witness of God is greater:
I got puddin' pie, 
Somethin' special, gimme someone new
At the local Taco Truck
An' we were sittin' ducks for the police man
I know, baby, I say, I didn't wanna half drag you
Oooh-oooh Little dreamer, yeah. Oh-oh
In Mother Earth's soul, not yet
22:15 For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and
This dream is over Ahh-ahh
I don't wanna find religion
13:11 And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he
A better way ooo-oooh of, of passing the time
Looks more like a warning than an example
Well I'm tired of be'n a fool
I'll be lounging on the Rivera
Love, love, love, love is the source of infection
chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst.
Or, not fade away
were filled with their flesh.
Woo! It's got what it takes
Uh I don't wanna, I'll do what I please
was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was
16:17 And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air; and
Oh. Hey, it must be good for somethin'
time is at hand.
Only adventures i regret
A vision of light, child of the night passing by
This is the right time,
Ah don't touch that dial
19:16 And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING
Of the North Star calling
Clap your hands together
Oh, and now he's gone forever
So dream another dream!
Baby, open up this door before I freeze.
girdles.
Space station, starvation, 
Hey Ray, what you said is true, oh
Peace was the solution
Lose the dress, keep the shoes
Up in New York City Dancing in the streets
Bop ba da, shoo-be do-wah
Someone's leavin'
Ahh! Ahhhhh!
I want the best of both worlds
He that doeth good is of God: but he that doeth evil hath not seen
But I ain't home, at night! Ha-ha-ha!
churches.
I forgot...,
I'm called: Thug Pop. Thug Pop.
11:10 And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and
Don't always believe, all you need is love
see their dead bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer
GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.
If I'm wrong, hey! Then I'll pay for it
repented not.
Ah, you know
the transgression of the law.
 and you get it tonight
Woman you suffer from a color
 past the crazies on my block
Tonight, no
Your ticket out of poverty
Yeah! Down, down, down, down, down, down
When it's, good enough ta
Feelin', what no one else will ever know
Hey yeah!
2:5 But whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God
I'm incomplete, huh!
, I'm over you
Ah, y-well, Big Bad Bill don't fight anymore No, he don't
At an early age he hits the street
Don't ask me why I'm crossing over
I can't take no more
Spring a leak
Full of party girls with damaged lives
I'm more that just a victim
the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of
`Cause this little tunes six fuckin' hours long
That single moment, babe, on a bungee jump
Dial 1-900-SPANKED!
12:13 And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he
Now quickly, check the hands on the clock
Ooooh!
And then you change your mind
Every minute counts and you play both sides of the law
Are you ready for the new sensation?
No candidate would I support
Oh, yeah yeah!
I ain't fooled
Each man's a country in his own right oh,
the vine of the earth, and cast it into the great winepress of the
This is heavy lifting
Oooh ow!
Reach up to the feet of God
it.
when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, What city is like unto
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, Woo bottoms up, bum-bum-buh
When I'm startin' off with nothin'
One more crazy night
Are at a triple feature
Oh-oh-oh Ah Come on g-girl, dance the night away
I'm supposed to feel that's fine
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-be doo-be do-wah
and they were two of a kind.
see thou hurt not the oil and the wine.
Ah I wanna love you, maybe set you free
And the dreams in between
And now when I go drivin' by
Oh! Ooh, yes I'm hot
space.
It's a fact, and you know that it's true
Speak in cherry red
Like a dirty water doggin' a bird
a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their
thou mayest see.
A line behind me...
Integrity and self-respect?
We're searchin' for the latest thing, a break in this routine
Ooh, lovin' and a livin' and a treat me like a fool
The day is dunzo
the woman
Just kill the pain or numb my brain
You know I'm beggin' you baby
No matter what they say, I, ha, disagree
Does it seem cold in here to you? Ah man
The Mid-West farmer's daughters really 
Change, nothin' stays the same
So honey Ahh leave me alone, or I may be stayin' the night
16:20 And every island fled away, and the mountains were not found.
When we say our goodbyes
mm, nothin' like her in the whole world.
All soup and no fish
unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are
Lemme get on some o' that
Dancin', they're dancin' in the street
10:8 And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and
Hey-hey-hey! Oh!
voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and great hail.
10:10 And I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and ate it
What'ya done?
Myself and my family aside if we happen to be left half alive I'll get all my
It's not enough to fill me up
Ah-ah Well that's all we need, baby. Don'tcha know?
mountains; 6:16 And said to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and
God, and he shall be my son.
Seems to move so quickly
And I'm feeling my way
Some brand new groove to sink my teeth into
headed your way
Me up inside
Back again, yeah
You don't think you've ever seen me somewhere before, do you, huh?
Before it makes me sick
the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright
 the seventh seal
Still you want that sugar daddy
The sword or the pen
She givin' me the runaround Round round round round
After making love
Whaddya say fellas? That might just call for a toast
appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his
3:22 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
Ooh I need your lovin', I'm just skin an' bone
Otherwise or professionally
And it ain't gonna change
treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God.
500 horses and a chrysler mill
that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and
second death.
Won't some sweet mama come and take a chance with me
Over there, over there!
Can ya feel the geat
Wow! Them girls are bitin' good tonight
No dolphin needs to tell me
message
Well let's talk about love on a hot summer night. Hey!
Who's your favourite page
And then
James Dean and Hermie Fox!
From afar
Little girl loves to boogie woogie, looks so fine like some sweet suger
Lost, inside my pleasure dome
infatuation
Junk food
So take me down to the virgin spring
But it's my turn at a try
among them.
Go see baby now! Ah, ha-ha!
Just like I told you before! Before! Before!
There's some dirty work
Never wait. Never wait. Never wait.
So good, so good
Tell me why, oh Lord, you're crossing over
thousand: and the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to the God
For second place
They don't understand how it can be
Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo See the whole wide world turn upside-down
A-from the day my mama told me "Boy, you 
She'll be gone tomorrow like the silent 
If I cannot hear you from afar
Is held for further questioning
Shine on, shine on
Let `em roll one more time
Shake it baby
Read 'em and weep
Now her name is up in lights
Yeah! I'm walkin', don't need no ride No explanation, just wastin' time, yeah. All my time
Knows how the system can be beat
slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits
Well now, none of this was planned
say, Come and see.
This one blew my mind, oh, uh, hey!
throne, saying, 4:11 Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and
Cause this lucky penny is gonna land heads up
Jimmy on the radio and even on the 
Girl, you're sensational and this gets better yet. Ah yeah
churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death.
reservations
If the mountains fell in the sea,
Good to 
 the blues
An' too much heat
twelve thousand.
But can you talk the talk?
And now we're wasting time Now we're wasting time
Nobody, nobody, nobody
beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been
15:1 And I saw another sign in heaven, great and marvellous, seven
So shake it slowly
Oh, please can you shine some light?
They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy
Let's have some funzo
I barely made it home
I love my dog
You are near
and make it bump and grind.
You wonder why your life is screaming
There's a full moon out tonight. Baby, let's begin
unto the judgment of the great day.
tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carrieth
smite the nations: and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he
Wa wa zat !! time flies
It's like you been here before
13:13 And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down
Oh, Baby 'cause It's Showtime!
Fallin' inside my own pleasure dome
sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which are
 Machine
6:4 And there went out another horse that was red: and power was given
For you to treat me so evilly
the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls
Oh! How does it feel when it's love?
Start walkin'
I said, "My, my, my"
I was listenin' to the DJ sayin'
skills
Love, love is the source of infection
I'm talkin' 'bout the Yankee Rose.
The ballot or the bullet
Take a bite of double fries
decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup
You're riding high on Monday,
I've been rich and I've been poor
That's one of the reasons that I was outta place
Since you put it that way
Hey! Give it to me
 on over
Satan dwelleth.
I thought it was the last
I'm a spark on the horizon
Same amount, in n' out
14:2 And I heard a voice from heaven, as the voice of many waters, and
Well, that's the trouble with self-improvement
Millions of miles. Oh, no
It's about time
the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he
2 a.m. and the traffic's slow
Here's 100 beans a minute where the back says.
When I blow this tomb with a view, yeah, all right
Ahh She get crazy if she can't go
But her hands were always tied
Ow, ow, ow, she get crazy
Tell ya what it is
I used to wanna meet?
sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the
But not your sorrows
It's all happening downtown
Try one together, one time a sec
I will tonight
according to her works: in the cup which she hath filled fill to her
The more you do it
If i produce it
Suzy, Suzy, girl, for cryin' out loud
Ah, she sure got my attention
smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the
Ya got a mindful of decavities
When it comes to you and fashion
Yeah, I heard the shotgun
beginning. If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain
We outta space!
Whisper in my ear, 
Big, big, big, big time!
 on. Hold on, I'm runnin'! Ah, yeah!
Ain't no 
Blind to himself, an' he's laughing up his scheme
Ah come on! Take a chance
3:12 Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God,
uh! Oh-ow!
You in the future
tongue Armageddon.
That's what's comin' down On my butt, anyway. Heh heh
With absolute uncertainty
Down at the starting line
So come on baby, please
in his hand a sharp sickle.
I've known you for all of mine
2:14 I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that
, how many, say I
It's what's happening
Told Ya!
And the thought of the pretty girls
She's so fine
are strong, and the word of God abideth in you, and ye have overcome
A fella never can tell
I've had a million fantasies
Do you? Ooo! Do You? Yeah
I'm on easy, easy street
shewed me these things.
Have your machine call my machine
dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
Honey, hang on tight
But now her mama's got hte eyes
seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me,
When I get the urge
And it's free for a reason you know
What's it gonna take to liberate?
Then you say you won't
And she said:
Feelin' better 
Right now Come on, it's everything
So why do ya think your life is boring?
Wonder why we're Humans Being
knives
of the living God: and he cried with a loud voice to the four angels,
An armed assailant
I've been lied to, from town to town
Ooo, the hammer, hammerhead
Put your head in the clouds
I'll send the message in a bottle I'll send the message
Entered her plea
Rivera couch that is...
It's always been there, standin' there
An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh! Uh!
But you I never fool
An' I say rock on. Oh, say, rock on
Ooh! I like it
the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were
And it's play it like they paid ya
And all those rock `n' rollers
Can I reach it now
Oh oh oh oh You can feel it, yeah!
your life
Happy trails to you
All about yours truly
Whoa, you don't have to die an' go to heaven
We're flat stone cold lied to
I like to 
Daddy's good, good little girl
If you call back for more, oh oh oh ah!
 up. Come on give me six on the half-shell
Honey, mama,
Yes, I barely survived
Well are you prepared for your very last breath?
churches.
Out of love! Outta love Again
You're a totally emergency!
When it's love, baby
1:5 Beloved, thou doest faithfully whatsoever thou doest to the
They're hoping soon my kind will drop and die,
Yeeaahh
Cause I get a lot of practice
3:19 As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore,
Starting up all in my feet
Ah-ah. Summer nights On a hot summer night. Hey!
Once shared, can't ever be separate
I found the simple life ain't so simple
Coming around you may wake up to find
I'm a face grenade
This beats workin' baby
Ah-ha!
the answer
of Levi were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Issachar were
'Cuz it's a rip-off
You will feel my voice
Hey you, wake up, get yourself together
in his temple the ark of his testament: and there were lightnings, and
commandment which ye had from the beginning. The old commandment is
Ya feel the winds of chang
Some people live apart
Uh! I said I like it
All you bad, bad boys
blinded his eyes.
Cuz I can feel the thunder
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
5:14 And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders
Hold your head up high, look 'em in the eye
2:1 Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith
I don't wanna hear about it later Do what I want to you
Wow, We outta space
So, dream another dream
You got me so I can't sleep at night
A year to the day!
is not in us.
You've got to give... to live
shall be fulfilled.
To love somebody honestly And always trust
What's there to do tonight? Anything?
Too much exasperation
Oh, little darlin', now come on
Trouble busting through
of his Son Jesus Christ, and love one another, as he gave us
I wanna run for my money, that's all
You ain't the girl next door
I gotta come back to see your face
Jimmy on the news at five!
Who's always warm, like in the mornin'
Oooh ooh ooh S-s-s-sucker Sucker
 landlord
For dancin' in the 
Ah, shoot it!
own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness
clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints.
Pretty woman. Oh you look lovely as you can be
17:18 And the woman which thou sawest is that great city, which
That's what I want, big fat money. Yo!
Lipstick tricks and diesel dykes
Candyman, yeah the candyman can
And my mind goes hot to cool
Don't say, don't say...
I know you're in love Oh, women in love
Big, bigger, biggest
harps, and golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of
I will call for you
I asked her,
Only missed by a fraction
Skinny legs and all
with Christ a thousand years.
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. I want some o' that
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah
This blind date is cash and carry,
Turn me up real loud
 thru me
You did something for the first time?
dragon
I been tried and convicted, it's winner take all
in the middle of Tobacco Road.
And I'm speedin', down that line
before the God of the earth.
High crime zone, in the city o' lights
You lay your sanity on the line
And we're punpi' thunder
Stay and add it up or throw yourself out a window. Oh!
There's a fire in the hole hey hey hey hey hey
But that don't mean goodnight
Got no faith, got no 
 to a sea shell
but what I need right now's the original goodtime girl.
Don't make sense
Got the truth bein' left behind
She can't say no
Can you see me kow crack the skies like lightnin'
7:13 And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these
I think it's time to roll
Ah-huh!
Yeah, the one I want want
 at all these little kids
Now more
A slice at a time, like a pizza pie
12:16 And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth,
If i get into a fix
Now, every 
Dig that steam
She came and took me by surprise Showed me what I hadn't seen
I don't, I don't, I don't. Whaa-ha!
Uh! Get up Get up make it work Make it work
Nothin' else I need
Straight through my eyes
And a 
day of judgment: because as he is, so are we in this world.
Before you hear what I have to say
the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that
Well, all right!
Ahhhhh...
commandment, That, as ye have heard from the beginning, ye should walk
Dancin' in the street, oh!
Fire in the hole
 than ever, you realize
Homegrown, homegrown, down-home
Oooh Make love in the sea oooh
Yeah, you got to try
I live my life like there's no tomorrow
It's her better side
I'm in love
An' a runny nose
And the next best thing was me
And we had some
the islands
14:6 And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the
Uh-ho ho
Lose the dress
Talkin' about good times
Ooh I need your lovin', come on baby, take me home
Puts me under stress, oh Lord
Hey baby can I be excused, I can't take no more
Owwww!
Now you are solar powered
I pay for three
disease
Every time we touch
5:21 Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen.
Teach you your final love 
Ain't no use waitin'
much torment and sorrow give her: for she saith in her heart, I sit a
that our joy may be full.
reigned.
 to turn
4:1 Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether
angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth.
People know the bar I'm playing
(Time to tell the truth)
Rudder of ship, which sets the course
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh! Hey!
3:7 And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things
Till my 
Need no 
Like pouring salt on an 
Ah-ah. Summer nights
Take it from me baby
You take an average guy, he can't identify, uh
Dig it! That's right
And do it right, right now Right now
14:8 And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is
2:29 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
My friend Jerry's feet are achin'
Whoa, oh, ohh. That's right. Yeah yeah-yeah. Woo!
A bad man on the run
19:20 And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that
I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you, oh no
Get up!
1:6 And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their
I'm in love with the Yankee Rose.
And I'm not looking for 
Gonna wave at you
Oh no, but I think you'll find
Woman get crazy, if she can't go
The point i'm trying to make
21:8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and
Sensible shoes, ones that will lead me back to you
servants of our God in their foreheads.
Hello!
it, my belly was bitter.
Strawman, don't have a leg to stand on
souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the
 that woman fall in love
 my tune
saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges; 2:13 I know thy
battle; and on their heads were as it were crowns like gold, and their
Seeing as how
Tomorrow morning
Doing the rounds
In our restless hearts
Is there anything left in that bottle?
3:4 Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is
3:21 Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence
upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned
To tie him up and make him Tell the Truth
 wound
What do you think the teacher's gonna look like this year?
And felt the settin' sun on my kingdom come
Well I tried to be good
offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which
I get up, and nothin' gets me down
16:10 And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the
President went to Congress, here's what he said:
Oh, oh! Got the big deal in the back of a limo, uh hey
And I'd love to get to know the natives
You're not a stranger
get me while I'm hot.
On top of the world, oh yeah
Man, I don't see no problem
Drop dead legs
But what I do know I know feels only natural
In your chat room
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
You runnin' blind, but you jumped the gun
Summer nights and my radio
Uh-ah uh-ho ho-ow!
Holdin' back, yeah I got control
Back to the cutest girls in the world
It should mean a little, a little more Ahh-ahh
up hither. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their
Just wanna 
Oh, women in love
With a Chevy for my summer home
Hey hey hey hey! One break, comin' up!
Huah! Put it out until Judgement Day
Trampstamp cat
And I heard bells ringin'
She said
I think I hear freedom drummin'
dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
Can't forget the Motor City Dancin' in the streets
I don't wanna
the show
Some say money is bad for the soul
many times I thought of quitting, babe,
Aw, play it boys
shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them.
Baby, baby, wha-ha-ha! Still love
5:20 And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an
Stand up, stand up
Hello - Goodbye
But it's home, the only life I ever known.
How deep does a rabbit hole go?
for this is the witness of God which he hath testified of his Son.
We're in deep, deep water, 'less I missed my mark
2:26 And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him
 an' jump. Jump!
nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.
And I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh!
bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and
 it right
shall overcome them, and kill them.
She said she's tired of watchin' me fall down He-he-he-yuh!
Flat stone cold lied to
I tell you sugar by midnight I'll be fine. Flyin' high
We're back! Hey!
I'll probably
Well I'm running wild, lost control
King-size, we were crushin'
key of the bottomless pit.
Ah, yeah
It's ok, I'll do what I want if I choose
Don't you lie
Pretty woman, yeah yeah yeah
held, held by the same hand!
On Judgement Day. Ow!
An' tell everybody they can kiss my ass, oh yeah
And then they went and they 
Got the fearin', power steerin'
Oh, if you wanna see other guys
shall ask, and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto
It's just about time!
him to continue forty and two months.
Searchin' everywhere, you turn and swear
Once whoa-oh really, really touched?
Uh, I like it
Are you lonely just like me?
7:17 For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them,
shoo-be doo-be doo-be do-whum
not.
and blessing.
Sexy dragon magic
21:2 And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God
have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and
I'm just a little impatient
How this younger generation swings
5:6 And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four
And... BOOM!
Now look at all of the people here tonight...
Giant butt
Anyway, if I make 'em, I'll solve 'em
Whoa-oh-oh!
I'll bear that same old cross same ol' cross
But now I'm livin' with the aftershock
Never say die!
Oh! I'm incomplete uh!
he said, "You're messin' with the mayor's daughter."
are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth: Yea, saith the
And tangled destinies
and signified it by his angel unto his servant John: 1:2 Who bare
If we could have the best of both worlds
girdle.
Throwin' down, down, tryin' to reach the bottom
If he had teeth like 
 in a trunk.
I've known fast livin' and I know wine, women
 selling each romance
Hey, Eddie!
give him glory.
Spread that butter on my biscuit honey to my melon
1:10 If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive
Holyman, take me to the promised land
What are you doin' this weekend? I don't feel tardy
 at every face in a crowd
You can always tell the winners
22:12 And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give
A live wire, barely a 
Wave on, wave on
Meet you half the way
Don't let this get around to the outside. Please, please, please
And she hulas when I walk
Stakes have never been higher
Straight up we'll climb
An' it's the final bell for pushing broom. Oh-oh!
Well I gave her seven 
Ah, my teachers all gave up on me
Outta your closet Ha-ha-ha!
That your love is all you're knowin'
First, don't sweat that little shit
You can jazz it up or play it slow
hundred threescore and six.
Life is hard, never soft
You can try me at home, if it feels all right
the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters: 17:2
You go through life as someone's doormat
Pianoman, in the mood for a melody
But then my homework was never quite like this!
Baby, you're no good
18:6 Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double
Ya ought'ta be goin'
Dream Dream another dream Ooo-ooo-ooo
22:20 He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly.
Yes the cradle, cradle will rock
I'll prob'bly be here when that sun goes down.
Whiteman, tryin' to get a tan
for your inner ear
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Maybe i need therapy
You better bring it, or don't ring it
Returning home of the prodigal
You ain't too civilized, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
You ain't going nowhere tonight.
N' she made the mountains sing
wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where
furlongs.
in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy
angels, Go your ways, and pour out the vials of the wrath of God upon
Goin' wide Oooh
Summer's here, and the time is right
Sure seem like a mighty long time
thy judgments are made manifest.
Mom, God, Pie the whole routine
That's all I'm talkin' about
Purple mountain's majesty really talk to me
Straight on up to her lunch pail
Well, I could take a little cold shot
I wish i may i wish i might
When you hear that curtain call
19:15 And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should
(Repeat chorus).
 on the silver screen
and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and
Oh! I ain't goin' around sayin' things about you
might destroy the works of the devil.
sea to shining sea.
Well, i may not be the best lookin'
Her t-shirt ended early
They're lighting up the skies
Yeah! Seein', I'm seein' things that don't know
Ah We'll be comin' back, don't come running to me
11:11 And after three days and an half the spirit of life from God
Bikinis and fast cars
Mmm, I'm stepping over
I'm a thoroughbred Less talk, more action, with no distraction Ooooo
Didn't that 
7:5 Of the tribe of Juda were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of
Gimme some o' that big, big money
accused them before our God day and night.
dead ringer for the big first prize.
Takin' chances. We're the crash n' burn
No calls! No calls
that loveth not his brother.
unto the beast.
All they want is Jimmy baby
Nightly and that's all right with me!
 inside your heart
Show me your sweet nature
I wish they all could be California
Hey, sister, you're perfect host.
Familiar faces, familiar sights
Sucker in a 3 piece
I may burn my fingers, want my iron in that fire
5:13 These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of
Got an open mind, do anything
need, and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwelleth
I travel far across the milky way
sea, and the fountains of waters.
Wax it on down
the first works; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will
Now it's about a 12 mile walk
C'mon baby
Without a shoulder to cry on
We do the hell out of it-
Don't tell me what love can do, alright
Been a puppet, pirate, a poet, a pauper, a pawn and a king.
 of infection
All right
Oh, love once. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Lots of pretty girls comin' by the dozen, woo!
That's human way
And I'm coming to from all points in between
These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
You're afraid of the dark
miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked: 3:18 I counsel thee to buy
Ow! Feels so good
Whoa yeah!
With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the
Non-stop talker, what a rocker
When the 
Miles and miles and miles and miles
You wanna sucker
Love! Love is the source of infection
hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged
Now come on baby, make me feel good
Oh All I wanna give you babe ooh
To tell, or not the truth yeah
Hey, you 
Well, call it love or call it murder
1-800-SEE YA...
Never gonna change
Lost inside my pleasure dome
Sweet 'n' sour, filiblister
He fought for the unions
Spirit.
Campaign promises falling short
Uh well, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble
Stamp my feet
It makes you cry
Once embraced, can't ever be let go
You put your heart on the line.
I'm laying naked with ya
Oh, I know honey all I know is what I'm feelin' inside
Dance Dance the night away
they should be tormented five months: and their torment was as the
We got heaven right here on Earth
They're dancin' now, look! Out on Mean Street
dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us.
Mm, these dangorous days
greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.
Land's End, you'd have to see it
All around pick up my guitar and play just like yesterday then I'll get on my
Ow! Got it bad,
Big train Don't know what you're doin'
Once believed, can't ever lose faith
If he don't land on his head
Oooh-ooo-ooh
seen him, neither known him.
Show me!
Reuben were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed
Crossing over
Haaa-ha-ha-ha!
Now deep inside of me
And when it all was over
Oh-ooh somebody tell me
Reach for the sky
And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ
Ah, ha ha! Uh, uh!
Oh, I'm so twisted and tied
The one with the showroom shine
Now I'm a-seaside sittin'
Waitin' for love to rescue me
I do the Dogtown Shuffle
Yes, I
It's always here and now my friend, it ain't once upon a time
Seems like lovin' you is just a 
There's a star upon your door
agree, and give their kingdom unto the beast, until the words of God
With a Hammerhead Shark
Oh oh oh oh Nothin's missin', yeah!
And then Bill got himself a wife, now he leads a different life
And I think I like, I think I like, I like what I see
Got nobody, waitin' at home
Oh Takers need a giver, this much we understand
If you want love
Are you 
neither light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they
Got me a 
Baby please, I can't take it anymore. Oh!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
I need some sensible shoes
antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists; whereby we
fast, and repent. If therefore thou shalt not watch, I will come on
Baby, just come on, come on, come on
Undress, stay awhile.
Your page or mine
A fortune coo-coo-coo-kie
Nobody rules these streets at night but me
You know Ooo-ooo-ooo my heart is true, oh
understanding, that we may know him that is true, and we are in him
16:14 For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go
I just d-do-don't wanna take no calls-uh
Got me a long night ahead
We're not defeated. No!
And the radar locks on you
cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city
A man needs love to live, I'm the livin' 
the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, because ye have
Uh! Uh! Come on, one more time
I d- I d-don't wanna talk to him now, no
An' she gives me a multiple choice...
Baby, I could let it 
They found a dirty-faced kid in a garbage can
5:10 He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself:
would, and casteth them out of the church.
1:4 I have no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth.
I wanna be there with you
 in his eyes
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight
They took a chance
More value, pass the buck.
2:21 And I gave her space to repent of her fornication; and she
4:5 They are of the world: therefore speak they of the world, and the
That we belong together
No more! No more! Ahhh!
So come on baby
But it's the only song I know
are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come
Or you can fake it
the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with
You'll be a grandma under 40
I'm all conditioned, thoroughbred
What I'm seein'
Shake them poor boys down
Out where the west begins
What American Bandstand is to the theory of evolution
Face down Face down
Been tokin'...been sippin'
Three sixty-five, five, fiiive!
So what you're saying could be true
Yeah we're goin' places
You know that you want it oh, oh oh
But I know that someday, somehow, you'll learn to love.
Yeah, the Hammerhead Shark
I'm only wastin' time, I think I better go
A buck is still a buck in Shanghai
Require's a degree of acceptance
Big train time gets movin'
Oh yeah, get up
3:19 And hereby we know that we are of the truth, and shall assure our
Sometimes a straight line
This dream is over Ooo-ooo-ooo
It's layin' out all night
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight. Aw yeah!
Ah ah You're gonna hear the angels singin'
Ah, yeah!
Yeah yeah! Oh yeah! Whoa!
And all over me. Yeah!
And she said, "There'll be times. There will be times."
Ah- I ain't gonna' tow the line
know that it is the last time.
All my flavors are guaranteed......to satis-uh-fy
saying, How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and
1:1 The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew
Goes to workin'
Come back when you're younger
A hot dog nad a shake
Ha! Ah! Yeah
It seems like forty days and forty nights
Sideways
openeth; 3:8 I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open
It's always been there
Wrapped up nice n' tight
said, Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the
Fire in 
Uh-ah uh-ho ho, yeah, gimme some o' that. Woo!
Movin' up and down Up 'n down
Philadelphia, P.A.
I don't know what I've been livin' on, but
Oooooohhhhh yeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
An' I know, I ain't lucky in nothin'
I feel good So good
21:27 And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that
You got a hold on me
You came here for some love and war
Sail away with someone's daughter
1:8 I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the
Oh, you 
 to too much rock n' roll
new name.
14:16 And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth;
Gimme another cigarette over here
Won't you tell me
antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son.
There ain't no power 'round
I'm your ice cream man
the fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas that great city Babylon,
Oh! She said:
Uh, harder the better
Ooh, oh baby!
Gimme everything I want
I know the difference
Love 'em all I says
It's 2 a.m. the traffic's slow
And if it don't come easily
sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to
Loss of control
Yeah, we'll get higher and higher
Woo! Wham bam, oh Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
I grabbed that telephone
He got a hat full of sugar; folks said, "You a lucky man."
3:6 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
beginnings
I been dreamin' 'bout tomorrow
Only thing that's on my mind
to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up
We're in for a very long night
I suggest you 
(pre-chorus)
in you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father.
Santa Fe to the mid-Atlantic
reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them
I found a lover ain't afraid of the dark
Gives the name Tobacco Road.
 to scare me
 like this year?
they shall see the smoke of her burning, 18:10 Standing afar off for
Are you online?
I swore I'd found you once again
Time is running out
Not me!!!
instant
 to the floor
And so an early age he hits the street
22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth
Oscar, Grammy, triple whammy
premature ejaculation
And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful.
Lemme see you walk the walk!
Ain't no match for your mean ol' man
Oh, hooked inta her system
worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark
And it ain't gonna change overnight, no
That ain't down your alley, no
Now whaddya say?
11:14 The second woe is past; and, behold, the third woe cometh
22:10 And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of
8:6 And the seven angels which had the seven trumpets prepared
Movin' up and down She choked the chain
And the cradle, the cradle will rock
Aw! Girl Say. Say. Uh!
I'm talkin' some new kicks, ones like you ain't never seen
tormented day and night for ever and ever.
Yeah, don't look at me baby
And the Northern girls with the way they kiss
What love could make me do
Round and around
I like the little way the line runs up the back of the stockings
Lord, I can't repeat
And that's my bottom line...!!
is of the seven, and goeth into perdition.
Here comes baby jet
We'll have our cake and eat it too
Or hang around to be born again
Oh, why draw the line?
2:14 But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there
3:14 We know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love
We'll be having good times
that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions
Gotta keep things moving
7:15 Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve him day
Oooh
North n' South, East n' West, right n' left
She knows exactly what I need
Ow! Uh!
And i lead with my face, well
I wandered out west
There's nothing in the streets looks any different to me and the slogans are
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Huh!
Uncomfortable in the realm of the political
this great city!  18:19 And they cast dust on their heads, and cried,
Down here at land's edge?
Wearin' out my welcome, 
Not over me
Just trade in one for another
Only me, happens every time
I'm your wave-toss guy
I said, "It ain't gonna change without a fight, no"
 times we've tried
the truth; and not I only, but also all they that have known the
contact
unto an emerald.
But I'm gonna wave my freak flag high, high.
Ooh, lightin' up the sky
She up and left and I almost died
You know you gotta pay
21:4 And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there
Vampire
One, two three, four
book, and to open the seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast
seats, fell upon their faces, and worshipped God, 11:17 Saying, We
Can't this be love?
be more than the first.
Now they're pushing strollers
Woke up in life, found I almost missed it
thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey.
Wanna know...
Time was on our side, we had everything to gain
Gotta get lucky, gotta get that done
One kiss of my lips and a storm begins
Love! Love is the 
Well that's bullshit
He wanted Wonder Woman
and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my
Outta love A-gi-gi-gi-gi-gain, ow!
You must come back to me
Dance, dance, dance the night away
sealed twelve thousand.
Got a feelin' all in my head
You wanna play? 
Nicolaitanes, which I also hate.
I think of all the 
She needed classical music
Searchin' everywhere, you turn and swear Ahh-ahh-ahh
1:8 We therefore ought to receive such, that we might be fellowhelpers
Is that why God made us breed
one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.
We drink Mescal right from the bottle
I thought I saw you from a distance
Oh baby, baby, baby don't give up,
But I, I ain't never gonna 
Uh! A-just enough to keep me hangin' on
Look at that
The flavor of the month is you
Sad and lonesome all the time
Sex Life, Wild Life
Are two comedians
Last Time, Wrong time
Come on, get it, get it, ow!
11:9 And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall
Hey! Got to, got to bleed baby
pins and needles
of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white
Ah I've learned my 
murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all
Ohh, now! Black is white and white is black, ah!
Ah Oh, it doesn't matter what you wear
Oh, oo-ow-oo-ow-oo-ow!
String Solo
They may talk about you cold when you were
Catch as catch, catch as catch can
Don't need to talk about love
And in the end on dreams we will depend
Only it was Chairman Mao
Well this must be my favourite chorus
Crop is gone, left only chaff
I want some too Oh yeah
Maybe in your dreams
that mighty city! for in one hour is thy judgment come.
Can't control your friends
stood, saying, Rise, and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and
Tell me honey, will your lovin' pay my bills, yeah? Pay my bills
What the asian call
Fate is my pimp
do that bump and grind.
From just a magazine
 of the hill
Has so many bad habits
Still cookin' with that old time, long lost recipe
Is not enough, it's not enough
And you don't know what that means
Uh, come on!
Man, we was happy
And somebody else's rules
14:1 And I looked, and, lo, a Lamb stood on the mount Sion, and with
I took a mobile light, lookin' for a moonbeam. Ow!
She's my machine
I heard about your lessons
To be so mad with me
truth; 1:2 For the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be
20:12 And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the
Well, things got bad and things got worse
Ooh yeah!
You'll have the blues not me
A little lovin'
thee, and thou shalt find them no more at all.
Kinda lost, sorta rich
"Jerry ain't the lovin' that you're makin' buddy
I told him
You Never Know
Want some advice
I'll keep the motor runnin'
You got my engines hummin'
I stand corrected baby
Playin' hide in your hole
suggestions
choices
Your Kodak moment's comin'
 honey
I'll make 
Right up your driveway
And now I'm really runnin'
I'm on cruise control
You make the 
I'm hearin' voices honey
There go them hula girls again...(ahhh)
You Never Know
Well, Hey, You Never Know
You never, I said you never, never
And if they're sayin' that we're crazy
I should know
Can't seem to sew
Lord, I've tried
A single hole in my pocket
Yeah, money talks
And I know that money can't buy love
Mine always says, Goodbye"""
One more piece of the 
as he is pure.
woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood.
(relax if you try)
Beyond the seven seas
We can't throw this all away
Clarinet Solo
Take it easy baby, Take it easy
where we can sweat it all out and laugh."
I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
I wanna be your knight
Bumper sticker on my rocket's ass
Making it last
She got the beat and here's a little bit comin' your way.
Oooh - i can see that you've got
Here i come-
Big train and you're wonderin' if you ever will
7:8 Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe
The West coast has the sunshine
And that just wasn't right. ooooooh
Weren't they amazed when you were really last?
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
 from the past
Well, I was first one to get in
Just stay while the night is young
I'm talkin' good times (yessir)
I need some sympathy!
Pretty woman, walking down the 
 Make it work
Honey baby sweetie girl
cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my
And was singin' it
Quick stop by the Bulldog
Lovin' and a livin' and a treat me like a fool! Wow!
Hot pants, mm.. nasty.
Yeah yeah yeah Ooo-hoo
Oh, He got a big ol' belly
How can you be so bold?
That's what you're hungry for
18:14 And the fruits that thy soul lusted after are departed from
I hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight
Baby, I never thought you would
And I can't deny it,
deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast.
All in all my aim is better
Vocal ad lib until fade
I was a face in the mob
Every Einstein's assigned
Provin' to be a fraud. his own church applauds
abundance of her delicacies.
Can't help it that's the kind of guy I am
Yeah dreams come true
An angry father
Girl Ooooh. Oh! Oh! Yeah!
12:1 And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with
But I feel that way all the time
Has got so many , bad habits
'Cause it's 3-6-9 time
8:4 And the smoke of the incense, which came with the prayers of the
I'm overloaded baby, I say "Bye-bye!"
Woo-hoo-oo! Runnin' with the devil
Yesteryear I may be gone
Lost in a world. Can't find my way home
He's a fightin' man, sure enough
It's gettin' hard to find
Yeah, it's up to me
Guns and guitars
ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.
Ooh-oo-ooh, really mine
halfway down the interstate
So when I go to the movies
, the circus just left town
No prob, we'll fix it in the mix
Just take me down, down, down
I know what you're dreamin'
Trouble-free Earth despocrats made
any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his
Hey, I heard you missed us
Voice heavy with the sands of time,
horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.
angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed in
Move it slowly
Take one good look
We're over budget
SShha!
Ooo-ooo-ooo I can't stop lovin' you
Will stone you like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
4:8 And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him; and they
 starts improving
There ain't a promise that you won't make
Girl Girl gone bad
2:15 So hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the
Spend my money
 up your mind Make up your mind
darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath
Ooh, woman and a woman, now the silly games you play, yeah
were given seven trumpets.
Show, come on and show your love
Don't have a heartattack
And I struggled to stay afloat.
turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks; 1:13 And in the midst of the
 dancing on the pier last night?
You gotta give, give more than you take
You have to hear me say
ready to die: for I have not found thy works perfect before God.
Oh tell me why ooh-ooh should I ooh-ooh
And I'm alone, I'm on the highway
We forget where we come from sometimes
Dancin' in the streets
22:7 Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of
No borderline in the sand I'd trace
You're never satisfied
Were the pretty little kids who didn't want it, no
No Oh this ain't television, but it's more than it seems
And get a little breakfast
Rock on. Rock on. Rock on
I got everything you wanted
I've had it with you and your blues
2:24 Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard from the
shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall
And I know you know I got no special plans Special plans
Wait a minute, ah This is home Somebody said "Fair warning", Lord
Is this flash infatuation
9:18 By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy, yes
Ow! Whoa yeah! On Judgement Day
How many times have you said to yourself,
But one night ain't enough for me
I've been reading what the bloggers say
No, I, I, I can't say when your time is through
It means everything
Best part of a man, woo
in heaven, and one sat on the throne.
We're black and blue! Uh
Woo, come on!
I'm gonna try em all just once before I die
shineth in his strength.
4:2 Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth
It said "Gimme Gimme a call sometime"
When you don't know what that means
Far and wide,
Mama died and my daddy got drunk.
Hey! Hey, hey! Wait a minute, wait a min... Oh!
All about your disease
Nobody, nobody, no one, no one
And I know you're in love Oh, women in love
It's just a joke and you're the punchline
Uh-uh-uh-uh-ah!
Sheriff said to Johnny
And I lay awake
Ahh Never bad enough to crucify me
Woo! Now come on, now come on So nice
All over 
Another world, some other time
You straight up aces
1:9 Whosoever transgresseth, and abideth not in the doctrine of
Maybe you're standing still
Lived a cat named Big Bad Bill
I'm only gonna tell you one time-ya!
Right cuz I'm without me
Bring it all right back
OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.
Lord, what I'm seein'
Longshot? That's bitchin'
Join the family
You get a fast crash course
So, here's two rules
This is the operator
17:16 And the ten horns which thou sawest upon the beast, these shall
were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire: 10:2 And he had in his
Top Jimmy,
He wanted her tonight
Run, run, runaround, yeah Round round round round
We see a man speakin' the word of God
Push, shove
I had me some drinks
You put a spell on me
Workin' so hard to make it easy
Ooooo-oh!
5:4 For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world: and this is
One step ahead, one step behind it
children
her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her
2:1 My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin
Put one and one together and it blowed my mind
They say, "Ya coulda least faked it, boy"
Standin' on top
El presidente
Now I don't wanna know
Well how can I believe?
They'll find a cure for anything
Ooh-oo-ooh There'll be swingin', swayin', records playin'
He made me see:
But do i love you?
Go for the action, with no distractions yeah
Still cookin' with that old time, long lost recipe, yeah. Woo!
sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he
man take thy crown.
So, why draw the line?
Why is the crazy stuff we never said poetry in ink
Oh! Woo!
It's a burn, or an opportunity
Boogieman, he giving me the creeps
Set me loose
So I asked her,
Class dismissed!
Contact. Asleep or awake
said unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they
must in this manner be killed.
Turn right next Thursday
Ah, now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool
An' I can't recall any love at all
Now I'm hangin' ten now baby
Just look around. Whoa, yes
1:8 Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have
You're on a Big train
the streets
 between the stage and the welfare door
And I know it too
3:16 So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I
3:10 In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the
Right now
say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he that sat
The sickness in his eyes reflects
The choice is up to you
(And some folks say)
Get it higher
Help me
Hey, it ain't gonna change overnight, no
Even on the beat, cherry, cherry on the beat
But I was young an' I was, far too 
eternal fire.
When they're beatin' my boys
Buddy, you don't got to hurry, take your time
Well, she can take me for a little ride
Yesterday
him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before the
the seats I saw four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in white
Now I ain't sayin' that I'm never gonna beg you
wrath of the Lamb: 6:17 For the great day of his wrath is come; and
And accompany me, to the ends of the earth, ah yeah
thee as a thief, and thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon
charity before the church: whom if thou bring forward on their journey
It's a way out
Yeah, yeah yeah
saith the Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and
And on 
Woo! Ow!
22:9 Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for I am thy
been in the sun too long.
Baltimore, in D.C. now Dancin' in the streets
 slide on by ooh-ooh
Pistons
Thinkin' 'bout you and me
Tell me baby please,
 have packed it up
Alright!
and this one will do just fine.
Get the riot squad
Don't bar the door, there's no one comin'
snowflake
On the 
of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth
Come on! Feelin', hey I don't understand these things
Is everybody ready? Let's go!
Ya think ya got the interest?
2:6 But this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the
Thought I had it made
I think it's time...
This is home Turns you from hunted into hunter Yeah
, ha-ha-ha Understand
unto the Lord our God: 19:2 For true and righteous are his judgments:
No, I ain't gonna tell you what's right for you
I'm tired of tryin' to be someone I know ain't me
darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit.
Get-get-get-get-get out and push
It's not work that makes it work, oh
Not to know, and who needs proof?
1:9 I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the
prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven.
Of fascinating fun
Pretty woman, give your smile to me
If the world loves a bad guy
Big train aw honey are with me
Na na na-ah na na repeat to end
The road to destruction
and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and
A luckyman don't always know who they are
disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a
for our's only, but also for the sins of the whole world.
Just for leavin'is coming home
When was it?
And your feet on the ground
They want big fat money
Does it return the favour?
Though not in vain like our forefathers
thee.
Well, guess who's back in circulation?
 and a shake
18:3 For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her
Whoa! Bbbbbbb
20:1 And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the
begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not.
Down, down, down, down, down, down
He told me so
that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God: 4:3 And every spirit
Once it's decided, a line drawn in the sand
Crank up the drums, crank out the bass
Land's edge,
'Cause there's a function at the junction,
It's only a one night stand
I knoooooooooooooow oooooh
I look into your eyes and dream
I roll like the ocean
Now all I gotta do is get up, go out, and get her
I want some too. Whoa!
As Is is how I follow through
Put out an APB on the Hammerhead Shark!"
Than your morals
Woo! Where'd you get that shit?
Bomb the moon until you're crazy dead
Tonight we'll find a dune that's ours
And skin like bark
I just wanna sink my teeth in that
and called: 1:2 Mercy unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied.
4:15 Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God
I'm goin' coconuts but least I'm goin' my way,
Ah ah. Ah ah. Ah ah ah
9:20 And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues
So it's one for the money
4:13 Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he
Blue, it makes me blue. Makes me blue
Crazy feeelings
Unchained, and ya hit the ground running
Some days you're the hydrant
And I don't want to go home
Yes, he feels a strange 
I sleep the sleep of the just after
'Cause you and your blues
Told them to tell you honey just how fine you are, yes
Come on baby
Arr-heah!
My train your station
Oh hell yeah!
Boldly going nowhere
not, because it knew him not.
We're just Humans That's what makes us
Not a peep from your little kids
Amen.
She's down-home and down-home. Oh, that's my woman
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this
some people
unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent
 at me, say "Outta luck." Oo-ooh, yeah!
Stone me like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
Ain't talkin' bout love
You say you're lonesome, just getting by
You've got me captured
Your storms and lullablies
Well I'm, feelin' better, now that we're through
Can you beliee that was you?
Anybody in their right mind could see, you and me
which were redeemed from the earth.
What could they say about me
The pendulum will swing, swing into power
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! meet the new boss same as the old boss
Uh-uh. Uh-uh Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
Well, here goes one more drop in the bucket!
Speak in day-glow red
Unless your love is tried and true
, I'm there. Yeah
Panama
No, I can't recall any thing at all
My resistence fails tempations got
 poppin', ain't no stoppin' now
This dream is over. Over, yeah Dream another dream
for in one hour is she made desolate.
I love 'em! I need 'em!
Far as you ramble,
But she don't like the way I dress
Have you ever really studied dancing
I wanna chase you cross the dance floor at that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
I walk around with the blues
were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and
Yeah, please can you shine some light?
Yeah I'm the same old number
sealed twelve thousand.
This ain't no party, this ain't no show
20:7 And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed
12:4 And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did
Yo mama! Hey!
Woo Girl Woo, Girl gone bad, ye-ah
'cause you know it's coming at you
Well, call me 40 Below
Sometimes a certain tom's gotta peep
I can't wait, I can't wait Woo!
Come on Dave, gimme a 
Because life ain't boring
Puttin' the flames out
I, I, I, I don't feel so good. I'm serious man. I don't, I don't feel too good
Are you sporting 
Time to tell the truth now now
We got a permanent place at that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
I see ya shake and shimmy
It's gonna heal you
books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of
 it nice 'n sweet. Ooh!
Didn't you?
Ow! Wow! Woo!
Flesh, blood and bone
18:15 The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her,
Through the ice into the fire
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now Moppin' up that floor!
Crank up my Les Paul in your face
She wants to send him a letter, uh yeah yeah
All the bills are paid, I got it made in the shade
Yeah, but I couldn't wait to get back in the states
And she be up for negotiations, mmm hmmm
The jury 
After the avalanche
He just a sucker, he just a sucker
Ah, might as well jump. Jump!
Baby Lover
Just pay my accountant
I got my back against the 
It's only one for me
Oh All I wanna give you woman ooh
A year to the day
14:4 These are they which were not defiled with women; for they are
Once you taste the real kind
Ow! Got me on pins and needles, yes she knows
No distractions. Uh!
1:12 Demetrius hath good report of all men, and of the truth itself:
Her thunder thong around your neck
flesh, are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of
So it's up the road
I'm hot for teacher!
Shots as clean as a mean goal-getter
Guitar Solo
Damn straight She's wild In overdrive
I been all around this great big world
But somehow I got fooled
Here and gone
Hey! Hey! Hey!
There must be some kind of way
If I cannot kiss you from afar
of the false prophet.
Well, just plain, clean, and simple
She sang the words wrong
hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.
Uh yes, you are
blackness of darkness for ever.
how to find
Slipped a little off your pace. Oh!
Oh baby, 
Takin' 8 to the bar
Superman, he looking for Lois
Yeah
Gonna fix it so you never leave
17:1 And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials,
him not into your house, neither bid him God speed: 1:11 For he that
Work me out, the payment's cleared
lifted up his hand to heaven, 10:6 And sware by him that liveth for
Gonna drive on in
the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were
testimony which they held: 6:10 And they cried with a loud voice,
And then say I love you, but aren't willing to show
1:7 For many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not
2:7 Brethren, I write no new commandment unto you, but an old
It seems
for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.
the menu
the creation of God; 3:15 I know thy works, that thou art neither cold
But I'm ahead of you
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Perhaps you know my name...
Prophylactic for you...
All you bad woo! bad boys. Just, call her up. Ha! Call her up
Knock, knock
Sensible shoes, cuz you're the only lover that was ever true
 as loud as war
Girl stop complaining
Here's a word about my ex-girlfriend
Don't you know that
It's still the only song I know
I'm melting
Grown to expect, expect more of the same
One by one, little 
Obsessed with this feeling, I trusted it. So I followed it
And you're a permanent stranger
Growin' up rusty shack,
Oooh-oooh Little dreamer
It happened just like that, wow!
sensation
Oooh Come on, crash on the beach
Ooh, and there she stands in a silken gown
Cherry Blue and Mighty Mouse
I got the tools. I'll satisfy ya
Get it ready
1:2 Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be
I am guilty, I do use it
No, no. That's how it is, when you tell the truth
I heard 
twice dead, plucked up by the roots; 1:13 Raging waves of the sea,
A Buddhist riff
Top Jimmy, Woo! Shake it baby!
him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto
Wake the little rug rats up;
I'll try and I'll cry, even die for it
2:13 I write unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from
And now a message 'bout the ozone layer
Makin' things so hard, 'fore it goes too far. Kick it
A little Zen
great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils,
To feel you
Did ya break a heart, like little girls often do?
Even on the beat, on the, on the beat
Yeah you're leanin' back an' yeah, a foot tappin'
Yes, I'm all fired up
Ohh-ahh!
14:18 And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over
But you were young and bold, and baby
Just a-smokin' and a-drinkin' on ringside
 grow cold, no
That's a 
Beggin' you baby, beggin' on my bended knees I'm on my knees
And we just rock on from there?
got lucky in a cheap 
Produce it, better use it
We'll do it til we're black and blue
Hey, you're both a bunch of suckers!
If the sun refuse to shine,
Yes I knew
the cat
I got lucky boots
Go Jimmy
Won't-cha turn your head my way?
I say rock on. Hey! Rock on
I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight
And then you sense a change
Hahhhhh
Risin' from 
Got the feel for the wheel, keep the movin' parts clean
19:4 And the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and
Ooh, well a sayin' that you're leavin'
In emotiona starvation
And if I must, well in, God I trust
I'll appear right there! Yes I will
It was right here all the time, time, time, time!
I reach across to the other side
Ah-ah-ah
 with our children at our feet and the morals
heaven about the space of half an hour.
Just enough for you
the word which ye have heard from the beginning.
Gotta fever that's burnin', you just can't slow me down
Ahhah!
So we're hittin' the road
Ooh yeah, wow!
Wow! She's good enough
Yeah, they talk about you cold when you were
Uh huh, I never stop
Oh, baby come back
 me some heroin
Just could be your boat is comin' in
Oh Takers need a giver, this much you understand
Woo! Ah pretty maids all in a row
Let's take a walk down Easy Street
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out. Yeah
She don't work for free
Click my heels
Asthe saying goes
names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.
And she knows what love is for Ahh-ahh
it.
Contact man 'tween you and danger
in air conditioning
saints, ascended up before God out of the angel's hand.
I wanna run for my money, that's all!
Better make up your mind
Ha-ha-haaaaaaaaa!
Is this flash 
shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I
Needed a girl but I was just too lazy
Shyboy, shyboy, shyboy, shyboy
the south three gates; and on the west three gates.
You know the cross-town bus just rolled
rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to
Uh! Uh! Uh!
I only wanna be by your side
Pumping it up, pumping it up
last: 1:18 I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive
And it ain't goin' away without a fight
coming.
I'm gonna fax you
All I'm leavin' when it's time to go
21:7 He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his
Ooh! And I'm alone, I'm on the highway
Where silence 
Ooh-oo-ooh It's just an invitation, 'cross the nation
Been that way for a long, long time
Across the ocean blue, Ooh-ooh-ooh me an' you
Want to leave right away
My defiant dame
Don't ya know she's coming home with me
that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which
Lord, I've been feelin', I'm feelin', I'm feelin' things that
If you want love if you want faith,
So the last of the wild frontier kings
Outta space, Outta space
A chance for the folks to meet
prepared of God, that they should feed her there a thousand two
Pretty woman, stop awhile
Seems no one's talking 'bout those crazy days gone past
I can't tell you but it lasts forever
Yeah we could come together
strapped to the front of a
every man according to their works.
voices.
Girl, we've been meant for this
Or changed the channel when you saw a hungry child?
breeze
Oooh It's all right by me
And beat it out of town
I'd keep it just the same
And I suffered 'cause of you
Oh listen to my story
Creature from the sea with the looks to me
Back at the ranch
You can tell 'em
To what it takes
You don't want that sugar daddy
Here come one more drop in the the bucket
It's a major violation, carried away for sure, yeah. I know!
Baby 'cause It's Showtime!
We'd have heaven right here on earth. Woo!
of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in remembrance before God,
6:8 And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on
She's good enough
chrysolyte; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a
Don't let this get around, to the outside
Well, I just can't help myself, I am yours to have.
Mama, i'm the one you want
Aww right!
1:7 Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and
for the time is come for thee to reap; for the harvest of the earth is
angels having the seven last plagues; for in them is filled up the
Now you know this ain't no through street, the end is dead ahead
And though I wasn't true to ya, baby don't get me wrong
You can fairly dance beneath her light
Go back, Hell no!
armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the
Relentless
Just like the army
So sit back and get all comfortable
I journeyed to the North
And all I got from history
Ride to live, live to ride
Daddy didn't need no little toys
what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be
Uh-oh!
They said he sang so good that the roof fell in
And he ain!t talkin'
14:9 And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If
Love is only to 
Oooh-oooh
And I put her on the tip of my tongue
In the groove, on the go, you know. Ah yeah
Yeah, I barely survived
There's exceptions to the rule
She wouldn't have heard
Rinse cup, and spit again
4:7 Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every
2:24 But unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as
But maybe I just will
That's the trouble with war
Stone cold sugar daddy
So let's hope that mom and daddy
, yeah yeah
2:16 Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight
Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years, 20:3 And cast him
 route
Oh, come on and take me back
together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.
Turn your cheek a little,
The big policeman wasn't laughing, didn't blink an eye,
Big river.
To feel your touch
How long
She's walking back to me
Woooo-ooooo
And I feel her from across the room
 citizen, zero discipline
What love can do
 at this!
 this place
Cherry bomb
Yeah, yeah the one I want want
Over the edge and here I stay
'Cause I only tie you up
Before he admits he's lost
With the blues Oooh
Just like I told you before! Before! Uh, before! Uh, before! Before!
Headless body in a topless bar
1:3 Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common
22:2 In the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the
them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that are
Got a different kind of truth
Oh the drums 
My heart, you're breakin' my heart
picture
Yeah! Love hurts you sometimes
I want some too! Whoa!
might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished
Woo! Look out!
Heel rocker
Some kind of alien
weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas that great city, wherein were
With the breaks
Baby's on Fire
I don't belong to any race
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-be doo-be doo-whum
Look what that does to me
Apeman, ain't nobody's uncle
Ah, ha!
to conquer.
camp of the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down
Get it in, jump. Jump!
Woo! Woo! Ow! Yeah!
That a boy like me
The less you fall down
Though nothin's on the shore
Got the hand put to 
And we're pumpin' thunder
1:16 These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts;
If I'd even call at all
 is all that it takes
It said "Open your eyes. Leave it all behind."
Come on turn, turn this thing around
I need a classy woman
Ready for the top!
her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.
Cuz I ain't got nobody
on him had a pair of balances in his hand.
kinda quiet dude and sure was 'sposed to be back at the house
Yes I know it well
Goin' to the ocean
When he walked by, they all held their breath
Oh, come this way, babe
Right now Hey, it's your tomorrow
Woop! Woop! Woop!
Angel Faces
Ahhrrrr!
but kept the boots
You know Ooo-ooo-ooo my heart is true, oh-oh!
White trash lesbo psycho bikes
before the throne of God.
And do you really, really drive this way
Well, here's the shot heard 'round the world.
Wha-oh-a-wha-oh-wha-oh
11:3 And I will give power unto my two witnesses, and they shall
Build up, and stand in our way. Oh
Whoa! Oh!
17:6 And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and
It's not that you're hiding
Another ladies's nite in Buffalo
Have you ever really touched love
We can change the things we say, and do any time
An' I'm cold
Level with me Baby!
I don't think ya wanna test me, mama
Upside down
Uh oh!
(things on your mind)
Been standin' still. With more time to kill
But she was cool
Heartbreakin' motor drive
I'm tellin you
No, J.C. Penny man. J.C. Penny
became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the
Hey-hey-yeah!
Ah, take it!
So I'm helping her find an apartment
World turns black and white
4:18 There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear:
Special Little somethin'? Mmm
You'll lose her in that turn
Help me find that miracle
foundation of the world.
5:11 And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life,
paper and ink: but I trust to come unto you, and speak face to face,
Don't you know she's coming home with me
Open up and shout it out, never try to sing
Ahh Ow, ow, ow, she got rhythm
And when some local kid gets down
Like a tongue on fire, no one can tame
Lemme put it to music, yeah, I say...
We can push with all our might, but nothin's gonna come
Talkin' some new kicks, ones like you ain't never seen
I felt the settin' sun on my kingdom come
and the earth was reaped.
Hot shoe, burnin' down the avenue
Sometimes I just wanna do nothin'
Lost, in this pleasure dome
Yeah, I figured I was gonna go down
The salty days are hers and mine
Way down in L.A. everyday
voice to him that sat on the cloud, Thrust in thy sickle, and reap:
Get-get-get-get-get out and push All right you sinners, swing!
Who knows
Same amount, woo! In 'n out
Whoa! Dealin', I'm dealin' with these things
The time of your life,
All along we were liberated from the fold, that's all and the world looks just
the Lamb.
You can feel it right down
I'll freeze the smile on your face
Well, my telephone is ringin', they told me
My baby ran off with my best friend
who shall be able to stand?  7:1 And after these things I saw four
As fine as you are
Have no place to go
I'm a skyscraper
I never tried to kiss
They gotcha comin' in, they gotcha goin' out
She got nasty
No, I don't wana hear what love can do
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Buddy, better. Get out and push
every free man, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the
4:16 And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God
 plan.
witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not
And it ain't goin' away without a fight, no!
Yeah right, she says
And off they drove,
the news
So don't you try to put no m-m-m-m-m-m-mojo
Grow it long, shave it off
You turn it up loud
Famous people on there with him
Big big money. Woo!
Didja get your head lost in a daydream?
Least I don't need to beg or borrow
his feet are like fine brass; 2:19 I know thy works, and charity, and
is called The Word of God.
Don't light that match no!
Best deceive these true colors that follow one of your false virtues
No middleman. No 
That's the trouble with never
Give me one to go
So why do ya sit and stay at home and
Time to play the cards
and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be
Movin' up and down Can't get away
Mmm baby, make up your mind Make up your mind
One soul, one mind
A big catastrophe, yeah yeah
Got ta, got ta, got to
and his eyes were as a flame of fire; 1:15 And his feet like unto fine
I gotta know!
Says you're a stranger here in paradise, you fool
A smokin' mountain got to blow
Hot coffee first thing in the morning
Try it once but easy does it!
 weather
Let's 
I had some crazy vision, one I can't deny it
Don't ya trust me?
He went looking for trouble,
5:2 And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, Who is
Oh, we'll get higher and higher
'Till things get out of control, oh!
I'm coming to get ya
Yeah-yeah-ow!
 my television, almost lost my mind
shall reign for ever and ever.
Can't help myself
I can jump, be the sacrifice
And this corner is where we write the story
Woo! Hot damn, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
18:1 And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven,
Ha-oh, ah-uh-oh
prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth.
All the other girls, they be put to shame
Uh! Ahh! Come on!
1:1 The elder unto the elect lady and her children, whom I love in
Now gimme, gimme, gimme Big money some o' that big money Money. Woo!
No big thing
1:10 But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but
say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let
But just 
Remember
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin'
Come um-um-um-um-on baby, bottoms up
Eighty acres of one stop shopping
We burnt the city down here
Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints.
Alimony!
first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.
Ain't gonna talk about love
Seen it on a billboard
Just like the man said
5:8 And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and
Yea-yeah!
things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of
I really dig those styles they wear
I got no time to mess around
 your head is goin'
Uh uh uhuh yeah. In n' out
Mother Nature piss her pants and when
Well, I'm a bum in the sun and I'm havin' fun
14:12 Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the
We'll spend it later
inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her
5:18 We know that whosoever is born of God sinneth not; but he that is
Wanting my pie in the sky
Is it right, uh, to take the easy way?
1:11 Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran
ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are,
17:4 And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and
The loss that you feel, I know that it's real.
Well, I can tell you a few 
. Will lay you down underground
Rooms without doors open for me. Oh, no!
Come on too strong, when a little's too much
those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not.
In this old town
Of your breath
 on a cool summer night
Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one.
16:8 And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power
sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.
Some desert island off Morocco
of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into
They knock me out when I'm down there
Baby, you're no good. Whoa oh-ooh
Who knows what we'll find?
Oh, oh, oh, she get crazy
And a buck is all you earn
Turn your radios on
I'm sure that there were times, life could be unkind
His words still racket in my head.
commandments.
Like a hound dog chasing a bird
You'll be brownin' your Bermudas
An' I said "Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does"
And some of them just dies
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Aww right to the action
Ow! Don't ya trust me?
it should come; and even now already is it in the world.
Hey, you got a point there This is fat!
I may be wrong but I think she kinda likes ya.
'N baby you've got somethin'
I'm dyin'
You know it's more than just an aggravation
And I don't think the devil's
She saw the 
2:16 For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust
, was what she wanted
patience and the faith of the saints.
even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne.
It's hard to tell, when innocence comes and goes
Woq! We wind 'em up n' let 'em go. Whoa! Oh yeah
Reach back, 
I'll take the fattest chance
sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through
A night for romance
Yes, it's love in the third degree
Ain't even worth a song
Cause it's about time we lay it out on the line
redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and
The more you do ti
It's comin' out for sure
But just watch that lady go
The Third Epistle General of John
I'm gonna be yours in a simple...
will tell
I don't like nothin' in between
Everybody's lookin' for somethin'
Oh do it, take me there
And chow down, and down and down and down!
Yeah, don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown
I look back and I wonder
Callin' out, around the world
Yeah, you may have all you want baby
Or another passing game
I'm on fire, woo!
and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the
Oooh I wanna crash on the beach
became blood; 8:9 And the third part of the creatures which were in
gainsaying of Core.
And there's nothin' you can't handle.
Chase each other round the room some, girl
6:7 And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the
5:11 And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about
Blue-eyed murder in a size five dress
Gimme big fat money
Now it's about time
Oooh We don't have to chase it
I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by
That's just what's expected
to try them that dwell upon the earth.
word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth.
doin' the Cabo Wabo, ow!
doth judge and make war.
Yeah, she's right on time, I'm on the case.
On top of the world Top of the world
double stack thunder
and nations.
Use my hand, I won't look
Gimme some o' that
whore sitteth, are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues.
I've got it bad, so bad
I was first one to get in
I need a change, I need it quick
And don't like me makin' future plans
Or couldn't keep quiet, when she needed a hug
Woo! Come here, baby. Come here. Woo!
And the tourist don't know where he is
Give me liberty or give me death
How the hell you get in those tight blue jeans?
Well it just ain't right
And I can't refuse
You wouldn't go
10:9 And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little
Till my personality starts improving
We'll be fighting in 
Dead or alive
the friends by name.
I got me my apolitical blues
Can't keep a good man down
Hey, hey, hey!
Don't you trust me trust me
Here's one for hte road
Now ya see it
That's why I'm up for breakfast so early in the morning
You're comin' up now
Photographs
hand.
Your social activities
Higher and higher
When you're reachin' for stars
Looking back in anger, the city is relieved
Unimpressed a great degree
Oh yeah, just play the song,
Oh! Oh! Come on and show me!
Whow! Ow!
With just one wish ya can't refuse
All band members rambling together
them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.
Let's get the party started
Push me over, push me over, push me over, I'm a pushover.
And now your message from above
Little bit o' everything, ooh, even when it hurts
Cut, and that's the take
1:10 I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a
Knucklebones
Ah, ha-ha!
Turn! turn turn...
An' I don't wanna
The gypsy said the problem with you
 repeats her hour
You've got to give to live
Please, don't ever let me be
Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh-uh-Wow!
With a Philly's blunt
Ta-too!
God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that
Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out
Keepin' me temporarily satisfied
I'm in a cold sweat
We was makin' something of it
Black and blue Got ta, got ta, got ta 
Went to hear this cool cat blow
Ooh-oo-ooh
Need a long tall darling, mama
Some of us still do
Woo! Woo!
Right behind in the rearview 
Oh! Oh yeah!
And I see the same old faces and I hear that same old talk
Slip flop slippin up...got me dripping
Oh my God!
French-fryin'
Big train honey are with me
You know we do
You can change your friends, your place in life
That's what makes us Humans Being
bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.
meanest blues around
You make me eat my heart out
Ooo-oo-ooo
If you decide to take the long walk
Dance baby!
 in an empty room
Oh girl, do it, come on
You can spend my money
destination
S'got me all fired up
get free
Weren't so simple, no
But not all of yours
But it's time to do it over
Your magic free
Beep bop belula bitty bop shoo wow!
Sometimes you wander
Down to Cabo. Uh!
Once dawn, can't ever be not light
whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no
17:10 And there are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, and the
And I, I'm tired o' hearin' what love can do
Wait a second, man
Never one for all with you
Oo, I wanna let you know.
You can have it now but ya gotta pay for it later. Oh!
Reach back, remember with all your might
She took her clothes off
unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the
their dead bodies to be put in graves.
Nothin' lost, so tell me how can I lose? Ha
I got no 
Float like a buttuerfly
20:13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and
I've got it
Every time I bloomed again
And the thought of the pretty girl
90 days on the road is what I need
Get in my pick-up
and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in
Uh, come on baby, baby Dance the night away Ooh, ooh, yeah
Was from a helicopter
Some self-made guy gets it in the ass
Look out your window
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Don't touch me there, okay? Just don't do that, okay?
It's never gonna stop
record
Great is the forest, set by a small flame
Pictures
Just leave your name and number in
could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues,
sorceries were all nations deceived.
I ain't that smart
12:7 And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought
Yeah, yeah the one I want the one I want
Oooh ooh ooh Honey I ain't through with you, woo!
And combat boots
The question is not, "Does love exist?"
Had me all worked up inside
The only one I want want
Yeah, what used to be
 times does somebody lie
her flesh, and burn her with fire.
Ah yeah!
How I'm hurtin', how I'm empty
Whoa-oh-oh, can you tell me?
What I'm feelin', yeah
I ain't the worst that you've seen
One empty floor
Coin of the realm
Got a hold on me
What does that make you?
Well, I'm sick an' tired of cleanin' room. Oh!
Come-a, come-a, come-a, come on baby
and in the midst of the throne, and round about the throne, were four
Your iron lung's a bag of wind
 roads must a man walk down
Runnin' with the devil Woo!
I never seen a woman move so slow
I just wanna feel like it's mine all mine
Let it be, it ain't me.
10:1 And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed
Quit complainin', where's my agent?
Sit down right here
Just liked barbed wire
When the night is through
Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon.
Fast forward
Are a hard act to follow
Drugged into sin
No Stormy Monday waits for you
and ye need not that any man teach you: but as the same anointing
Cross the line where none return
In a cool dry place
Better save the women and children first. Yes, ah
She's mine and, ain't lettin' go
No Eskimo to share with me his fate
looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.
All this and more you see
the top
Just enough for you...
2:5 Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do
8:13 And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of
, available, available, I am free, I am.
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
The Revelation of Saint John the Devine
But she knows what that'll get her
Oh man, I think the clock is slow
Or how to find this place
Ah just one more crazy night
Say you're gonna leave me
They comin' out for sure
I am the ruler of these netherworlds
Yeah. You mean, you mean my wife's closet
Ain't gonna dust no broom
Now, I'm broken down and dirty, dressed in rags
Hello baby! Hah!
A little thick in the bottom
If I get myself together
That they worship will be gone and the men who spurred us on sit in judgement
I d-d-don't wanna talk
3:6 Whosoever abideth in him sinneth not: whosoever sinneth hath not
Oh, baby please, I can't take it anymore
You put a spell on meeeee!
And there's a short supply of her fine, fine stuff
And all that you've lost, it's not all that you've gained. no
So autobiographic!
Of the evening go by
Another accomplice slinging dirt
manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange
Yes it is
I said, that's life. That's Life
Got spoiled to death in the hammerhead way
"Same as 
But careful with those feet.
 Dave, but for you it's free."
The way I want to now
Now everybody's suffered
Put your high beams on
See it's greater than everything
Ah, yeah-ah!
To make 
and the moon became as blood; 6:13 And the stars of heaven fell unto
the love of God in him?  3:18 My little children, let us not love in
Can't say the same for today
And I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
9:17 And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on
Yeah, my guise could use some refinement
16:19 And the great city was divided into three parts, and the cities
his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in
Ain't no way 'round the system
There'll be laughin', singin', music swingin'
14:17 And another angel came out of the temple which is in heaven, he
4:4 Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because
So if you gonna wear my t-shirt
Simply pulls a string
So, this is love? Well she finally kissed me
Used to be I couldn't sleep at night, baby
Top Jimmy cooks!
Checks in people with her pants in a bunch,
I know the law, friend
Warring clans in lowered cars
Her voice is steady she knows
You're not that kind of girl
Now I don't mind some danger
Now you're saved, by a higher voice
You've got to give
In a world without end.
tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened: 15:6 And the seven
thy first love.
When my axe cuts me deep, I let it bleed
Seems like everything I like
Not this stuff baby
 I knew it all along
 wide open wide
breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand
Go see baby now!
for he hath judged the great whore, which did corrupt the earth with
If I had it all to do
I have those same dreams
Wiseman, following a star
Wow! 'Cause they love it, when me an' the boys
We're having dinner late
midst of the seven golden candlesticks; 2:2 I know thy works, and thy
But not for long Oooh
Keep smilin' until then
And softly she will speak the stars
Ow, hold on
made them white in the blood of the Lamb.
They're on the T.V., the stereo
2:20 But ye have an unction from the Holy One, and ye know all things.
'Neath a zombie moon
5:5 And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of
I'm all feet up, watchin' TV
it.
Yeah ya know that you're headed for a lotta trouble
Nobody cares for me, nobody, nobody cares for me
Almost ended up blind Some only see what they wanna see
Well, then, how 'bout the doubt
aggravation
beautiful
sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off, 18:18 And cried
Come on, baby
It is Ah, yeah.
Honey!
Ha-yeah!
I don't need no stinkin' click!
Only to surrender
before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the elders: and no
Everybody wants some! Hey, hey!
yeah you, so you think you made it better
Feelin' lost Oooh
Make it anyway
1:11 Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good.
Now it's getting harder to ignore me
So dig on my refrigeration
Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.
Sure, we was acting like a couple of kids
I'm in your heads! Ah-ha!
Unchained!
An' he's unemployed. His folks are overjoyed
Gibe 'em hell tonight
Oh, can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
The rain has disappeared
N' trust in the mercy of the sea Oooh ooh ooh
I can drive
To follow that road (yes I will)
The poor folks 
Get her out of my mind
William
Ooh-ooh, when it's love
Gotta get it one more
To get half back
Fake it, boy Ooh, stranger, boy
Now they all call him Sweet Papa Willy Dear
Well, there's a 
It's a spank line. Yeah! oh! Ow
An' he's unemployed Unemployed? Ow!
3:4 Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their
I been thinkin' 'bout it all week long
Wash away my suffering, oh
Ooh, got some real fine pound...poundcake. Ah
Just a-smokin' and a-drinkin', I'm ringside
Wanted, dead or alive
in health, even as thy soul prospereth.
Adlib walkie-talkie banter
Though in slumber you fill my 
Ooh yeah! Ow-ow!
Bad for damn near everything, oh yeah!
We had a love so hard to find
Salesman, try and sell you his soul
No, no, no, no don't take 'em off. Don't take...leave 'em on
doeth the will of God abideth for ever.
For in the end, there will be equality
To me it's all just mental masturbation
the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of
wrath of God.
A-from the day my mama told me "Boy, you pack your bags."
When was the last time
Just admit it's true
Is it right, to take the easy way?
Lay your bodies down
If he don't land on his seat
On the stage I'm in a rage
him take the water of life freely.
Nothin' left, nothin' right, now they want a bigger bite
In her brand new red-hot pink humvee
Place come to life every night, nooo!
When I see you, all your little guitars sing to me
to give unto her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath.
I Can't choose what's not my decision
I've been through hell and back again
 do it
search
'Til we meet again
you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water,
Put the pedal to the metal
Wa-ahahahah
that station: and I'll be smilin' again
Indeedido
Oh, no! See what they're seein'
7:9 After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man
Once whoa, really touched?
 at me, look at you!
You better call up the ambulance I'm, deep in 
Uh feel my heartbeat
Ah, manHa, ha-ha!
Love once?
Oooh, yeah
I still feel it
. Woo!
Three sixty-five!
"Fuck me like Chopin
She was a good pal
And if you turned up 
With Your Filthy Little Mouth
And I'll take the scenic route
Let's begin
With your Huckleberry Finn
, honey
How bout a little Henry Miller
position
Assume the 
Tell me what you want
Tell me that you want it
Just let go
If we both want it so bad
Right along with that special sin
Or maybe you already have
Call me sweet lordy, high-master Jesus
You can do your penance
Right where you're breathin'
Make you wanna sell your soul
And it's gotta be good
Ah don't touch that dial
Here's a word about my ex-girlfriend
I'll write a verse to this song"
every man according as his work shall be.
My blinders up
A million ways to make love
Nobody ever told you that your
'Fore I can even make it through the night
Got the first step down
to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will.
shaken of a mighty wind.
There ain't much distance 'tween a pat on the back
17:3 So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: and I
Now you go on an' do what you want to
Tattoo
They told me it was Chairman Mao-oh
21:6 And he said unto me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the
How about you?
"If you take your 
Well, that liquor in the night time leaves strange memories
That woman's waited up all night for me again
Come the daybreak, and come tomorrow
Seems a lifetime, ooh, since yesterday
If you take your whiskey home"""
Keep the motor runnin'
Let's slip away
Which the traveler can't expect
Yeah, ya stand in line ya got lost in a jet 
I always loved you tender
Gotta car that's cool
She had her drink in her hand
Is the front of an oncoming train.
When the fire burns
Guess that makes me three.
I'll pretend I'm GI Joe, yeah
ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands; 5:12
But I, I don't never let it get me down
Tell me what you gonna do
That's how it'll always be
Hey, we're already gone.
the week
She was a-seaside sittin'
People know the butt it's playing
Come on baby, show your love
A little more volume in the headphones please...
I made up my mind
And they take me places
You know I'm up for breakfast so early in the morning
Ooo-ooo-ooo Baby, got a feelin'
Baby please
She been there before, she'll never give in
I see it rolling off of you
We'll burn the bridges if we please
 out now though, Dave's got somethin' for you
Just to get to Carnegie
Show me your bright lights and your city lights, all right.
under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them,
We came... we came... we came through blood and fire
Well, they gotcha comin' in, they gotcha goin' out
. Ow! Bottoms up! Ow!
Changed, ain't nothin' stays the same
and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the
My other apartment
Little elvis is combat ready
Yeah! Got to, got to bleed, baby
Four days from now
They both were trouble
Got an on-ramp comin' through my bedroom
with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the
Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth.
Ain't no Midnight Train to Georgia
Goin' outta my way, know my way around
Don't wanna wait 'til tomorrow
Lord Jesus Christ.
And I think I like
Rock on. Rock on. Oh, oh, oh
And it's a shame to see
Keep that in mind when we say goodbye
Preoccupied purely with the physical
any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.
city.
Leave it all behind
 on Hawaii island
1:8 Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise
manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name
12:11 And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word
are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the
Put that butter on my biscuit honey to my melons
Said, "Keep my husband away from me...
There ain't no doubt!
Well, hey boom town
men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads.
De chimichanga
I'm singin', I'm dancin', most every night
But I got somethin' you need. Oh, yeah!
I made up my mind,
2:25 But that which ye have already hold fast till I come.
Makes me king of the hill
Watch me know, watch me know
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Try and figure you out
And while she watches
It's my life. Get off my ass, get outta my face
When a house is divided, it just will not stand
Bullethead
Damned if I do an' then I'm damned if I don't
If I were you, and you were me
Oh, here we go! Yeah yeah
Check it out, without a doubt
Everybody wants some!
Strong magic comin' on
Call the boss of bigtown
4:14 And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to
Well, you ain't been livin'
and the things which shall be hereafter; 1:20 The mystery of the seven
Cos I'm cold
Something, I'd never imply
life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written
2:18 Little children, it is the last time: and as ye have heard that
afterward destroyed them that believed not.
It's just something you feel together, hey!
Stamps in my passport
God hath not life.
Senorita I'm in trouble again and I can't 
Miss a beat, you lose a rhythm
Down here at land's edge
Just when I'm gettin' kinda used to the taste
You break my balls with all your crap
You just believe a little
4:5 And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and
sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
6:5 And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast
Everybody let's stay focused
It's gettin' late Don't know just where I've been
stumblingblock before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed
Oh-oh, oh-oh!
, I can hardly walk
This house of pain
She givin' me the runaround, yeah. Ow! Round round round round
I been sitting here 'bout half the night, ah
of all that were slain upon the earth.
the game
Price of an education
Oh Jimmy
Believe it. Can you believe it?
sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever, 4:10 The four and
Right behind in the rearview mirror now
12:10 And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come
2:22 Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery
Love comes walkin' in, yeah!
Yesterday I was a bum and broke
You say that love has got you down
3:9 Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin; for his seed
Yeah, I been in debt from conception
The one I want!
Don't have to show you 
Uh uh uh uh uh
Spread your wings and 
with great admiration.
No Evil Woman got a hold on me
Ah, can you shine the light?
Now, come on baby!
It's a long hard way but I'm a-comin'
On, Judgement Day
On a count of three
In n' out
6:9 And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the
You ain't going home tonight.
calf, and the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth beast
For what it is worth
'Cause that's what love is made of
How 'bout a 9 on a 10 scale
Now, I don't care if you're John Lennon, baby, I just
This is home See, a gun is real easy
were finished. This is the first resurrection.
And that is, I'm slowly fading away
See it, oh can you see it?
, but it's all the same
and morning star.
I can hear dem po' boys tappin'...
Touched love?
Swim a lil faster, mama
Said If you're doin' business with me, honey...
Hurt me
I'd wait for her parade
To the barbeque on a hellbound train...
Whispering, In my dreams
19:7 Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the
Some o' that big money. Oh yeah
Well, I can feel it inside of me
If you think the moment's right
Whoa, the Hammerhead Shark
This can be everything we dreamed
Na na na-ah na na
One god, one country
Tat look in her eyes
Musta lied 'cause I ain't leavin'
It said, "The only thing you know for certain
Hey man, everything's all right. Yeah.
Bright lights in your city lights, all right.
Outta love Oh! Once again, ahhh
Your page or mine...
Well, the kid is into losin' sleep
I know you believe in me
Come on baby, finish what ya started
And if you think that violence
that we desired of him.
 magic
Turn this thing around
And now everybody wanna go. Woo!
the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ; 1:18 How that they told you
There's a river runs here.
But can you walk the walk?
Breakdown
Hey baby, woo! Make it nice 'n sweet. Ooh!
Angels gotta smile every once in a while
Except for, for a subtle 
She said,
Oh my, my, I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by
Ow! Get up. Get up and make it work
There's a trick to Christian values
2:28 And I will give him the morning star.
1:13 The children of thy elect sister greet thee. Amen.
Fools, Oh! I live with fools. Live with fools
'Cause it's always been there
You're just some lonely man
Just when you get
A genetical testimony
You want to know
Ow, you've got Allah in the east
She looks so fucking good, so sexy and so frail
Down at the starting line...
Don't tell me what love can do, uh
or do you make it up as you go?
Out upon 
Everyone's looking for something
Little texas
Give to live
have not this doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan,
There must be a better way ooo-oooh
Mistress of the coming flood.
Now that they've seen it
Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive
I can't wait to feel your love, love, love, love tonight. Ah whaa!
You've got Jesus in the west
You got to give more than you take
bring it back to Tobacco Road.
Staring at the sun, searchin' for the light
It's rally no wonder
Conductor don't like it, says, "You're wastin' your time"
I heard somebody cheer
I'll be out until the mornin' light
Adlib jungle sounds
and repent.
destroyed.
Said, I came here to waste some time
I wouldn't know what to choose
(spoken)
13:7 And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to
Here's to your thin 
There were just the gigolos
I could sock it to ya non-stop, baby
Ain't no Brinks truck following no hearse
eternal life.
Ah come on baby Dance the night away Hey, hey yeah!
Please
Waitin' for love to set me free
Just to love you
Standin' there Ahh-ahh
Ba dum bum
stones, and pearls!  18:17 For in one hour so great riches is come to
Come on, take me back
Wonder who I'd wanna be
Summer of love?
You've turned into someone else.
Kabbalah
And bad girl boxers
But all this here can't be worth my piece of the pie
Well, baby, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm an easy man.
3:15 Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer: and ye know that no
So honey cut to the 
So, I took a little hit
Trust in Allah
Oh, woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo!
I can't seem to get her out
I see the power changin' hands
It happens just like that, baby
Ah Can't crow before I'm out of the woods
Lost the rest at land's edge"
It's been a long time, overtime
I broke a heart, simple n' true
I'll bear the cross, on, Judgement Day, hey
No mad, mad world and no mad hatters
 of my car
Whooo! Ow! Woo! Aw, yeah!
Shuffling down
confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Reach out for me
1-900-SPANKED
5:5 Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that
this book: for the time is at hand.
Cos the next best thing was nothin' much
toward God.
gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen,
But i can lift really heavy things.
Oooh, baby
14:13 And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Write, Blessed
Of Charles River mud.
This is home, Ooh this is Mean Street
reigneth over the kings of the earth.
Sweet music sweet sweet music
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground, woo!
Ain't I glad that love is blind?
