1 Nephi 1:1
 1 I, Nephi, having been born of goodly parents, therefore I was
taught somewhat in all the learning of my father; and having seen
many afflictions in the course of my days, nevertheless, having
been highly favored of the Lord in all my days; yea, having had a
great knowledge of the goodness and the mysteries of God,
therefore I make a record of my proceedings in my days.

1 Nephi 1:2
 2 Yea, I make a record in the language of my father, which
consists of the learning of the Jews and the language of the
Egyptians.

1 Nephi 1:3
 3 And I know that the record which I make is true; and I make it
with mine own hand; and I make it according to my knowledge.

1 Nephi 1:4
 4 For it came to pass in the commencement of the first year of
the reign of Zedekiah, king of Judah, (my father, Lehi, having
dwelt at Jerusalem in all his days); and in that same year there
came many prophets, prophesying unto the people that they must
repent, or the great city Jerusalem must be destroyed.

1 Nephi 1:5
 5 Wherefore it came to pass that my father, Lehi, as he went
forth prayed unto the Lord, yea, even with all his heart, in
behalf of his people.

1 Nephi 1:6
 6 And it came to pass as he prayed unto the Lord, there came a
pillar of fire and dwelt upon a rock before him; and he saw and
heard much; and because of the things which he saw and heard he
did quake and tremble exceedingly.

1 Nephi 1:7
 7 And it came to pass that he returned to his own house at
Jerusalem; and he cast himself upon his bed, being overcome with
the Spirit and the things which he had seen.

1 Nephi 1:8
 8 And being thus overcome with the Spirit, he was carried away
in a vision, even that he saw the heavens open, and he thought he
saw God sitting upon his throne, surrounded with numberless
concourses of angels in the attitude of singing and praising
their God.

1 Nephi 1:9
 9 And it came to pass that he saw One descending out of the
midst of heaven, and he beheld that his luster was above that of
the sun at noon-day.

1 Nephi 1:10
 10 And he also saw twelve others following him, and their
brightness did exceed that of the stars in the firmament.

1 Nephi 1:11
 11 And they came down and went forth upon the face of the earth;
and the first came and stood before my father, and gave unto him
a book, and bade him that he should read.

1 Nephi 1:12
 12 And it came to pass that as he read, he was filled with the
Spirit of the Lord.

1 Nephi 1:13
 13 And he read, saying: Wo, wo, unto Jerusalem, for I have seen
thine abominations!  Yea, and many things did my father read
concerning Jerusalem--that it should be destroyed, and the
inhabitants thereof; many should perish by the sword, and many
should be carried away captive into Babylon.

1 Nephi 1:14
 14 And it came to pass that when my father had read and seen
many great and marvelous things, he did exclaim many things unto
the Lord; such as: Great and marvelous are thy works, O Lord God
Almighty!  Thy throne is high in the heavens, and thy power, and
goodness, and mercy are over all the inhabitants of the earth,
and, because thou art merciful, thou wilt not suffer those who
come unto thee that they shall perish!

1 Nephi 1:15
 15 And after this manner was the language of my father in the
praising of his God; for his soul did rejoice, and his whole
heart was filled, because of the things which he had seen, yea,
which the Lord had shown unto him.

1 Nephi 1:16
 16 And now I, Nephi, do not make a full account of the things
which my father hath written, for he hath written many things
which he saw in visions and in dreams; and he also hath written
many things which he prophesied and spake unto his children, of
which I shall not make a full account.

1 Nephi 1:17
 17 But I shall make an account of my proceedings in my days. 
Behold, I make an abridgment of the record of my father, upon
plates which I have made with mine own hands; wherefore, after I
have abridged the record of my father then will I make an account
of mine own life.

1 Nephi 1:18
 18 Therefore, I would that ye should know, that after the Lord
had shown so many marvelous things unto my father, Lehi, yea,
concerning the destruction of Jerusalem, behold he went forth
among the people, and began to prophesy and to declare unto them
concerning the things which he had both seen and heard.

1 Nephi 1:19
 19 And it came to pass that the Jews did mock him because of the
things which he testified of them; for he truly testified of
their wickedness and their abominations; and he testified that
the things which he saw and heard, and also the things which he
read in the book, manifested plainly of the coming of the
Messiah, and also the redemption of the world.

1 Nephi 1:20
 20 And when the Jews heard these things they were angry with
him; yea, even as with the prophets of old, whom they had cast
out, and stoned, and slain; and they also sought his life, that
they might take it away.  But behold, I, Nephi, will show unto
you that the tender mercies of the Lord are over all those whom
he hath chosen, because of their faith, to make them mighty even
unto the power of deliverance.

1 Nephi 2
Chapter 2

1 Nephi 2:1
 1 For behold, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto my
father, yea, even in a dream, and said unto him: Blessed art thou
Lehi, because of the things which thou hast done; and because
thou hast been faithful and declared unto this people the things
which I commanded thee, behold, they seek to take away thy life.

1 Nephi 2:2
 2 And it came to pass that the Lord commanded my father, even in
a dream, that he should take his family and depart into the
wilderness.

1 Nephi 2:3
 3 And it came to pass that he was obedient unto the word of the
Lord, wherefore he did as the Lord commanded him.

1 Nephi 2:4
 4 And it came to pass that he departed into the wilderness.  And
he left his house, and the land of his inheritance, and his gold,
and his silver, and his precious things, and took nothing with
him, save it were his family, and provisions, and tents, and
departed into the wilderness.

1 Nephi 2:5
 5 And he came down by the borders near the shore of the Red Sea;
and he traveled in the wilderness in the borders which are nearer
the Red Sea; and he did travel in the wilderness with his family,
which consisted of my mother, Sariah, and my elder brothers, who
were Laman, Lemuel, and Sam.

1 Nephi 2:6
 6 And it came to pass that when he had traveled three days in
the wilderness, he pitched his tent in a valley by the side of a
river of water.

1 Nephi 2:7
 7 And it came to pass that he built an altar of stones, and made
an offering unto the Lord, and gave thanks unto the Lord our God.

1 Nephi 2:8
 8 And it came to pass that he called the name of the river,
Laman, and it emptied into the Red Sea; and the valley was in the
borders near the mouth thereof.

1 Nephi 2:9
 9 And when my father saw that the waters of the river emptied
into the fountain of the Red Sea, he spake unto Laman, saying: O
that thou mightest be like unto this river, continually running
into the fountain of all righteousness!

1 Nephi 2:10
 10 And he also spake unto Lemuel: O that thou mightest be like
unto this valley, firm and steadfast, and immovable in keeping
the commandments of the Lord!

1 Nephi 2:11
 11 Now this he spake because of the stiffneckedness of Laman and
Lemuel; for behold they did murmur in many things against their
father, because he was a visionary man, and had led them out of
the land of Jerusalem, to leave the land of their inheritance,
and their gold, and their silver, and their precious things, to
perish in the wilderness.  And this they said he had done because
of the foolish imaginations of his heart.

1 Nephi 2:12
 12 And thus Laman and Lemuel, being the eldest, did murmur
against their father.  And they did murmur because they knew not
the dealings of that God who had created them.
1 Nephi 2:13
 13 Neither did they believe that Jerusalem, that great city,
could be destroyed according to the words of the prophets.  And
they were like unto the Jews who were at Jerusalem, who sought to
take away the life of my father.

1 Nephi 2:14
 14 And it came to pass that my father did speak unto them in the
valley of Lemuel, with power, being filled with the Spirit, until
their frames did shake before him.  And he did confound them,
that they durst not utter against him; wherefore, they did as he
commanded them.

1 Nephi 2:15
 15 And my father dwelt in a tent.

1 Nephi 2:16
 16 And it came to pass that I, Nephi, being exceedingly young,
nevertheless being large in stature, and also having great
desires to know of the mysteries of God, wherefore, I did cry
unto the Lord; and behold he did visit me, and did soften my
heart that I did believe all the words which had been spoken by
my father; wherefore, I did not rebel against him like unto my
brothers.

1 Nephi 2:17
 17 And I spake unto Sam, making known unto him the things which
the Lord had manifested unto me by his Holy Spirit.  And it came
to pass that he believed in my words.

1 Nephi 2:18
 18 But, behold, Laman and Lemuel would not hearken unto my
words; and being grieved because of the hardness of their hearts
I cried unto the Lord for them.

1 Nephi 2:19
 19 And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto me, saying:
Blessed art thou, Nephi, because of thy faith, for thou hast
sought me diligently, with lowliness of heart.

1 Nephi 2:20
 20 And inasmuch as ye shall keep my commandments, ye shall
prosper, and shall be led to a land of promise; yea, even a land
which I have prepared for you; yea, a land which is choice above
all other lands.

1 Nephi 2:21
 21 And inasmuch as thy brethren shall rebel against thee, they
shall be cut off from the presence of the Lord.

1 Nephi 2:22
 22 And inasmuch as thou shalt keep my commandments, thou shalt
be made a ruler and a teacher over thy brethren.

1 Nephi 2:23
 23 For behold, in that day that they shall rebel against me, I
will curse them even with a sore curse, and they shall have no
power over thy seed except they shall rebel against me also.

1 Nephi 2:24
 24 And if it so be that they rebel against me, they shall be a
scourge unto thy seed, to stir them up in the ways of
remembrance.

1 Nephi 3
Chapter 3

1 Nephi 3:1
 1 And it came to pass that I, Nephi, returned from speaking with
the Lord, to the tent of my father.

1 Nephi 3:2
 2 And it came to pass that he spake unto me, saying: Behold I
have dreamed a dream, in the which the Lord hath commanded me
that thou and thy brethren shall return to Jerusalem.

1 Nephi 3:3
 3 For behold, Laban hath the record of the Jews and also a
genealogy of my forefathers, and they are engraven upon plates of
brass.

1 Nephi 3:4
 4 Wherefore, the Lord hath commanded me that thou and thy
brothers should go unto the house of Laban, and seek the records,
and bring them down hither into the wilderness.

1 Nephi 3:5
 5 And now, behold thy brothers murmur, saying it is a hard thing
which I have required of them; but behold I have not required it
of them, but it is a commandment of the Lord.

1 Nephi 3:6
 6 Therefore go, my son, and thou shalt be favored of the Lord,
because thou hast not murmured.

1 Nephi 3:7
 7 And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I will
go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know
that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men,
save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the
thing which he commandeth them.

1 Nephi 3:8
 8 And it came to pass that when my father had heard these words
he was exceedingly glad, for he knew that I had been blessed of
the Lord.

1 Nephi 3:9
 9 And I, Nephi, and my brethren took our journey in the
wilderness, with our tents, to go up to the land of Jerusalem.

1 Nephi 3:10
 10 And it came to pass that when we had gone up to the land of
Jerusalem, I and my brethren did consult one with another.

1 Nephi 3:11
 11 And we cast lots--who of us should go in unto the house of
Laban.  And it came to pass that the lot fell upon Laman; and
Laman went in unto the house of Laban, and he talked with him as
he sat in his house.

1 Nephi 3:12
 12 And he desired of Laban the records which were engraven upon
the plates of brass, which contained the genealogy of my father.

1 Nephi 3:13
 13 And behold, it came to pass that Laban was angry, and thrust
him out from his presence; and he would not that he should have
the records.  Wherefore, he said unto him: Behold thou art a
robber, and I will slay thee.

1 Nephi 3:14
 14 But Laman fled out of his presence, and told the things which
Laban had done, unto us.  And we began to be exceedingly
sorrowful, and my brethren were about to return unto my father in
the wilderness.

1 Nephi 3:15
 15 But behold I said unto them that: As the Lord liveth, and as
we live, we will not go down unto our father in the wilderness
until we have accomplished the thing which the Lord hath
commanded us.

1 Nephi 3:16
 16 Wherefore, let us be faithful in keeping the commandments of
the Lord; therefore let us go down to the land of our father's
inheritance, for behold he left gold and silver, and all manner
of riches.  And all this he hath done because of the commandments
of the Lord.

1 Nephi 3:17
 17 For he knew that Jerusalem must be destroyed, because of the
wickedness of the people.

1 Nephi 3:18
 18 For behold, they have rejected the words of the prophets. 
Wherefore, if my father should dwell in the land after he hath
been commanded to flee out of the land, behold, he would also
perish.  Wherefore, it must needs be that he flee out of the
land.

1 Nephi 3:19
 19 And behold, it is wisdom in God that we should obtain these
records, that we may preserve unto our children the language of
our fathers;

1 Nephi 3:20
 20 And also that we may preserve unto them the words which have
been spoken by the mouth of all the holy prophets, which have
been delivered unto them by the Spirit and power of God, since
the world began, even down unto this present time.

1 Nephi 3:21
 21 And it came to pass that after this manner of language did I
persuade my brethren, that they might be faithful in keeping the
commandments of God.

1 Nephi 3:22
 22 And it came to pass that we went down to the land of our
inheritance, and we did gather together our gold, and our silver,
and our precious things.

1 Nephi 3:23
 23 And after we had gathered these things together, we went up
again unto the house of Laban.

1 Nephi 3:24
 24 And it came to pass that we went in unto Laban, and desired
him that he would give unto us the records which were engraven
upon the plates of brass, for which we would give unto him our
gold, and our silver, and all our precious things.

1 Nephi 3:25
 25 And it came to pass that when Laban saw our property, and
that it was exceedingly great, he did lust after it, insomuch
that he thrust us out, and sent his servants to slay us, that he
might obtain our property.

1 Nephi 3:26
 26 And it came to pass that we did flee before the servants of
Laban, and we were obliged to leave behind our property, and it
fell into the hands of Laban.

1 Nephi 3:27
 27 And it came to pass that we fled into the wilderness, and the
servants of Laban did not overtake us, and we hid ourselves in
the cavity of a rock.

1 Nephi 3:28
 28 And it came to pass that Laman was angry with me, and also
with my father; and also was Lemuel, for he hearkened unto the
words of Laman.  Wherefore Laman and Lemuel did speak many hard
words unto us, their younger brothers, and they did smite us even
with a rod.

1 Nephi 3:29
 29 And it came to pass as they smote us with a rod, behold, an
angel of the Lord came and stood before them, and he spake unto
them, saying: Why do ye smite your younger brother with a rod? 
Know ye not that the Lord hath chosen him to be a ruler over you,
and this because of your iniquities?  Behold ye shall go up to
Jerusalem again, and the Lord will deliver Laban into your hands.

1 Nephi 3:30
 30 And after the angel had spoken unto us, he departed.

1 Nephi 3:31
 31 And after the angel had departed, Laman and Lemuel again
began to murmur, saying: How is it possible that the Lord will
deliver Laban into our hands?  Behold, he is a mighty man, and he
can command fifty, yea, even he can slay fifty; then why not us?

1 Nephi 4
Chapter 4

1 Nephi 4:1
 1 And it came to pass that I spake unto my brethren, saying: Let
us go up again unto Jerusalem, and let us be faithful in keeping
the commandments of the Lord; for behold he is mightier than all
the earth, then why not mightier than Laban and his fifty, yea,
or even than his tens of thousands?

1 Nephi 4:2
 2 Therefore let us go up; let us be strong like unto Moses; for
he truly spake unto the waters of the Red Sea and they divided
hither and thither, and our fathers came through, out of
captivity, on dry ground, and the armies of Pharaoh did follow
and were drowned in the waters of the Red Sea.

1 Nephi 4:3
 3 Now behold ye know that this is true; and ye also know that an
angel hath spoken unto you; wherefore can ye doubt?  Let us go
up; the Lord is able to deliver us, even as our fathers, and to
destroy Laban, even as the Egyptians.

1 Nephi 4:4
 4 Now when I had spoken these words, they were yet wroth, and
did still continue to murmur; nevertheless they did follow me up
until we came without the walls of Jerusalem.

1 Nephi 4:5
 5 And it was by night; and I caused that they should hide
themselves without the walls.  And after they had hid themselves,
I, Nephi, crept into the city and went forth towards the house of
Laban.

1 Nephi 4:6
 6 And I was led by the Spirit, not knowing beforehand the things
which I should do.

1 Nephi 4:7
 7 Nevertheless I went forth, and as I came near unto the house
of Laban I beheld a man, and he had fallen to the earth before
me, for he was drunken with wine.

1 Nephi 4:8
 8 And when I came to him I found that it was Laban.

1 Nephi 4:9
 9 And I beheld his sword, and I drew it forth from the sheath
thereof; and the hilt thereof was of pure gold, and the
workmanship thereof was exceedingly fine, and I saw that the
blade thereof was of the most precious steel.

1 Nephi 4:10
 10 And it came to pass that I was constrained by the Spirit that
I should kill Laban; but I said in my heart: Never at any time
have I shed the blood of man.  And I shrunk and would that I
might not slay him.

1 Nephi 4:11
 11 And the Spirit said unto me again: Behold the Lord hath
delivered him into thy hands.  Yea, and I also knew that he had
sought to take away mine own life; yea, and he would not hearken
unto the commandments of the Lord; and he also had taken away our
property.

1 Nephi 4:12
 12 And it came to pass that the Spirit said unto me again: Slay
him, for the Lord hath delivered him into thy hands;

1 Nephi 4:13
 13 Behold the Lord slayeth the wicked to bring forth his
righteous purposes.  It is better that one man should perish than
that a nation should dwindle and perish in unbelief.

1 Nephi 4:14
 14 And now, when I, Nephi, had heard these words, I remembered
the words of the Lord which he spake unto me in the wilderness,
saying that: Inasmuch as thy seed shall keep my commandments,
they shall prosper in the land of promise.

1 Nephi 4:15
 15 Yea, and I also thought that they could not keep the
commandments of the Lord according to the law of Moses, save they
should have the law.

1 Nephi 4:16
 16 And I also knew that the law was engraven upon the plates of
brass.

1 Nephi 4:17
 17 And again, I knew that the Lord had delivered Laban into my
hands for this cause--that I might obtain the records according
to his commandments.

1 Nephi 4:18
 18 Therefore I did obey the voice of the Spirit, and took Laban
by the hair of the head, and I smote off his head with his own
sword.

1 Nephi 4:19
 19 And after I had smitten off his head with his own sword, I
took the garments of Laban and put them upon mine own body; yea,
even every whit; and I did gird on his armor about my loins.

1 Nephi 4:20
 20 And after I had done this, I went forth unto the treasury of
Laban.  And as I went forth towards the treasury of Laban,
behold, I saw the servant of Laban who had the keys of the
treasury.  And I commanded him in the voice of Laban, that he
should go with me into the treasury.

1 Nephi 4:21
 21 And he supposed me to be his master, Laban, for he beheld the
garments and also the sword girded about my loins.

1 Nephi 4:22
 22 And he spake unto me concerning the elders of the Jews, he
knowing that his master, Laban, had been out by night among them.

1 Nephi 4:23
 23 And I spake unto him as if it had been Laban.

1 Nephi 4:24
 24 And I also spake unto him that I should carry the engravings,
which were upon the plates of brass, to my elder brethren, who
were without the walls.

1 Nephi 4:25
 25 And I also bade him that he should follow me.

1 Nephi 4:26
 26 And he, supposing that I spake of the brethren of the church,
and that I was truly that Laban whom I had slain, wherefore he
did follow me.

1 Nephi 4:27
 27 And he spake unto me many times concerning the elders of the
Jews, as I went forth unto my brethren, who were without the
walls.

1 Nephi 4:28
 28 And it came to pass that when Laman saw me he was exceedingly
frightened, and also Lemuel and Sam.  And they fled from before
my presence; for they supposed it was Laban, and that he had
slain me and had sought to take away their lives also.

1 Nephi 4:29
 29 And it came to pass that I called after them, and they did
hear me; wherefore they did cease to flee from my presence.

1 Nephi 4:30
 30 And it came to pass that when the servant of Laban beheld my
brethren he began to tremble, and was about to flee from before
me and return to the city of Jerusalem.

1 Nephi 4:31
 31 And now I, Nephi, being a man large in stature, and also
having received much strength of the Lord, therefore I did seize
upon the servant of Laban, and held him, that he should not flee.

1 Nephi 4:32
 32 And it came to pass that I spake with him, that if he would
hearken unto my words, as the Lord liveth, and as I live, even so
that if he would hearken unto our words, we would spare his life.

1 Nephi 4:33
 33 And I spake unto him, even with an oath, that he need not
fear; that he should be a free man like unto us if he would go
down in the wilderness with us.

1 Nephi 4:34
 34 And I also spake unto him, saying: Surely the Lord hath
commanded us to do this thing; and shall we not be diligent in
keeping the commandments of the Lord?  Therefore, if thou wilt go
down into the wilderness to my father thou shalt have place with
us.

1 Nephi 4:35
 35 And it came to pass that Zoram did take courage at the words
which I spake.  Now Zoram was the name of the servant; and he
promised that he would go down into the wilderness unto our
father.  Yea, and he also made an oath unto us that he would
tarry with us from that time forth.

1 Nephi 4:36
 36 Now we were desirous that he should tarry with us for this
cause, that the Jews might not know concerning our flight into
the wilderness, lest they should pursue us and destroy us.

1 Nephi 4:37
 37 And it came to pass that when Zoram had made an oath unto us,
our fears did cease concerning him.

1 Nephi 4:38
 38 And it came to pass that we took the plates of brass and the
servant of Laban, and departed into the wilderness, and journeyed
unto the tent of our father.

1 Nephi 5
Chapter 5

1 Nephi 5:1
 1 And it came to pass that after we had come down into the
wilderness unto our father, behold, he was filled with joy, and
also my mother, Sariah, was exceedingly glad, for she truly had
mourned because of us.

1 Nephi 5:2
 2 For she had supposed that we had perished in the wilderness;
and she also had complained against my father, telling him that
he was a visionary man; saying: Behold thou hast led us forth
from the land of our inheritance, and my sons are no more, and we
perish in the wilderness.

1 Nephi 5:3
 3 And after this manner of language had my mother complained
against my father.

1 Nephi 5:4
 4 And it had come to pass that my father spake unto her, saying:
I know that I am a visionary man; for if I had not seen the
things of God in a vision I should not have known the goodness of
God, but had tarried at Jerusalem, and had perished with my
brethren.

1 Nephi 5:5
 5 But behold, I have obtained a land of promise, in the which
things I do rejoice; yea, and I know that the Lord will deliver
my sons out of the hands of Laban, and bring them down again unto
us in the wilderness.

1 Nephi 5:6
 6 And after this manner of language did my father, Lehi, comfort
my mother, Sariah, concerning us, while we journeyed in the
wilderness up to the land of Jerusalem, to obtain the record of
the Jews.

1 Nephi 5:7
 7 And when we had returned to the tent of my father, behold
their joy was full, and my mother was comforted.

1 Nephi 5:8
 8 And she spake, saying: Now I know of a surety that the Lord
hath commanded my husband to flee into the wilderness; yea, and I
also know of a surety that the Lord hath protected my sons, and
delivered them out of the hands of Laban, and given them power
whereby they could accomplish the thing which the Lord hath
commanded them.  And after this manner of language did she speak.

1 Nephi 5:9
 9 And it came to pass that they did rejoice exceedingly, and did
offer sacrifice and burnt offerings unto the Lord; and they gave
thanks unto the God of Israel.

1 Nephi 5:10
 10 And after they had given thanks unto the God of Israel, my
father, Lehi, took the records which were engraven upon the
plates of brass, and he did search them from the beginning.

1 Nephi 5:11
 11 And he beheld that they did contain the five books of Moses,
which gave an account of the creation of the world, and also of
Adam and Eve, who were our first parents;

1 Nephi 5:12
 12 And also a record of the Jews from the beginning, even down
to the commencement of the reign of Zedekiah, king of Judah;

1 Nephi 5:13
 13 And also the prophecies of the holy prophets, from the
beginning, even down to the commencement of the reign of
Zedekiah; and also many prophecies which have been spoken by the
mouth of Jeremiah.

1 Nephi 5:14
 14 And it came to pass that my father, Lehi, also found upon the
plates of brass a genealogy of his fathers; wherefore he knew
that he was a descendant of Joseph; yea, even that Joseph who was
the son of Jacob, who was sold into Egypt, and who was preserved
by the hand of the Lord, that he might preserve his father,
Jacob, and all his household from perishing with famine.

1 Nephi 5:15
 15 And they were also led out of captivity and out of the land
of Egypt, by that same God who had preserved them.

1 Nephi 5:16
 16 And thus my father, Lehi, did discover the genealogy of his
fathers.  And Laban also was a descendant of Joseph, wherefore he
and his fathers had kept the records.

1 Nephi 5:17
 17 And now when my father saw all these things, he was filled
with the Spirit, and began to prophesy concerning his seed--

1 Nephi 5:18
 18 That these plates of brass should go forth unto all nations,
kindreds, tongues, and people who were of his seed.

1 Nephi 5:19
 19 Wherefore, he said that these plates of brass should never
perish; neither should they be dimmed any more by time.  And he
prophesied many things concerning his seed.

1 Nephi 5:20
 20 And it came to pass that thus far I and my father had kept
the commandments wherewith the Lord had commanded us.

1 Nephi 5:21
 21 And we had obtained the records which the Lord had commanded
us, and searched them and found that they were desirable; yea,
even of great worth unto us, insomuch that we could preserve the
commandments of the Lord unto our children.

1 Nephi 5:22
 22 Wherefore, it was wisdom in the Lord that we should carry
them with us, as we journeyed in the wilderness towards the land
of promise.

1 Nephi 6
Chapter 6

1 Nephi 6:1
 1 And now I, Nephi, do not give the genealogy of my fathers in
this part of my record; neither at any time shall I give it after
upon these plates which I am writing; for it is given in the
record which has been kept by my father; wherefore, I do not
write it in this work.

1 Nephi 6:2
 2 For it sufficeth me to say that we are descendants of Joseph.

1 Nephi 6:3
 3 And it mattereth not to me that I am particular to give a full
account of all the things of my father, for they cannot be
written upon these plates, for I desire the room that I may write
of the things of God.

1 Nephi 6:4
 4 For the fulness of mine intent is that I may persuade men to
come unto the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God
of Jacob, and be saved.

1 Nephi 6:5
 5 Wherefore, the things which are pleasing unto the world I do
not write, but the things which are pleasing unto God and unto
those who are not of the world.

1 Nephi 6:6
 6 Wherefore, I shall give commandment unto my seed, that they
shall not occupy these plates with things which are not of worth
unto the children of men.

1 Nephi 7
Chapter 7

1 Nephi 7:1
 1 And now I would that ye might know, that after my father,
Lehi, had made an end of prophesying concerning his seed, it came
to pass that the Lord spake unto him again, saying that it was
not meet for him, Lehi, that he should take his family into the
wilderness alone; but that his sons should take daughters to
wife, that they might raise up seed unto the Lord in the land of
promise.

1 Nephi 7:2
 2 And it came to pass that the Lord commanded him that I, Nephi,
and my brethren, should again return unto the land of Jerusalem,
and bring down Ishmael and his family into the wilderness.

1 Nephi 7:3
 3 And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did again, with my
brethren, go forth into the wilderness to go up to Jerusalem.

1 Nephi 7:4
 4 And it came to pass that we went up unto the house of Ishmael,
and we did gain favor in the sight of Ishmael, insomuch that we
did speak unto him the words of the Lord.

1 Nephi 7:5
 5 And it came to pass that the Lord did soften the heart of
Ishmael, and also his household, insomuch that they took their
journey with us down into the wilderness to the tent of our
father.

1 Nephi 7:6
 6 And it came to pass that as we journeyed in the wilderness,
behold Laman and Lemuel, and two of the daughters of Ishmael, and
the two sons of Ishmael and their families, did rebel against us;
yea, against me, Nephi, and Sam, and their father, Ishmael, and
his wife, and his three other daughters.

1 Nephi 7:7
 7 And it came to pass in the which rebellion, they were desirous
to return unto the land of Jerusalem.

1 Nephi 7:8
 8 And now I, Nephi, being grieved for the hardness of their
hearts, therefore I spake unto them, saying, yea, even unto Laman
and unto Lemuel: Behold ye are mine elder brethren, and how is it
that ye are so hard in your hearts, and so blind in your minds,
that ye have need that I, your younger brother, should speak unto
you, yea, and set an example for you?

1 Nephi 7:9
 9 How is it that ye have not hearkened unto the word of the
Lord?

1 Nephi 7:10
 10 How is it that ye have forgotten that ye have seen an angel
of the Lord?

1 Nephi 7:11
 11 Yea, and how is it that ye have forgotten what great things
the Lord hath done for us, in delivering us out of the hands of
Laban, and also that we should obtain the record?

1 Nephi 7:12
 12 Yea, and how is it that ye have forgotten that the Lord is
able to do all things according to his will, for the children of
men, if it so be that they exercise faith in him?  Wherefore, let
us be faithful to him.

1 Nephi 7:13
 13 And if it so be that we are faithful to him, we shall obtain
the land of promise; and ye shall know at some future period that
the word of the Lord shall be fulfilled concerning the
destruction of Jerusalem; for all things which the Lord hath
spoken concerning the destruction of Jerusalem must be fulfilled.

1 Nephi 7:14
 14 For behold, the Spirit of the Lord ceaseth soon to strive
with them; for behold, they have rejected the prophets, and
Jeremiah have they cast into prison.  And they have sought to
take away the life of my father, insomuch that they have driven
him out of the land.

1 Nephi 7:15
 15 Now behold, I say unto you that if ye will return unto
Jerusalem ye shall also perish with them.  And now, if ye have
choice, go up to the land, and remember the words which I speak
unto you, that if ye go ye will also perish; for thus the Spirit
of the Lord constraineth me that I should speak.

1 Nephi 7:16
 16 And it came to pass that when I, Nephi, had spoken these
words unto my brethren, they were angry with me.  And it came to
pass that they did lay their hands upon me, for behold, they were
exceedingly wroth, and they did bind me with cords, for they
sought to take away my life, that they might leave me in the
wilderness to be devoured by wild beasts.

1 Nephi 7:17
 17 But it came to pass that I prayed unto the Lord, saying: O
Lord, according to my faith which is in thee, wilt thou deliver
me from the hands of my brethren; yea, even give me strength that
I may burst these bands with which I am bound.

1 Nephi 7:18
 18 And it came to pass that when I had said these words, behold,
the bands were loosed from off my hands and feet, and I stood
before my brethren, and I spake unto them again.

1 Nephi 7:19
 19 And it came to pass that they were angry with me again, and
sought to lay hands upon me; but behold, one of the daughters of
Ishmael, yea, and also her mother, and one of the sons of
Ishmael, did plead with my brethren, insomuch that they did
soften their hearts; and they did cease striving to take away my
life.

1 Nephi 7:20
 20 And it came to pass that they were sorrowful, because of
their wickedness, insomuch that they did bow down before me, and
did plead with me that I would forgive them of the thing that
they had done against me.

1 Nephi 7:21
 21 And it came to pass that I did frankly forgive them all that
they had done, and I did exhort them that they would pray unto
the Lord their God for forgiveness.  And it came to pass that
they did so.  And after they had done praying unto the Lord we
did again travel on our journey towards the tent of our father.

1 Nephi 7:22
 22 And it came to pass that we did come down unto the tent of
our father.  And after I and my brethren and all the house of
Ishmael had come down unto the tent of my father, they did give
thanks unto the Lord their God; and they did offer sacrifice and
burnt offerings unto him.

1 Nephi 8
Chapter 8

1 Nephi 8:1
 1 And it came to pass that we had gathered together all manner
of seeds of every kind, both of grain of every kind, and also of
the seeds of fruit of every kind.

1 Nephi 8:2
 2 And it came to pass that while my father tarried in the
wilderness he spake unto us, saying: Behold, I have dreamed a
dream; or, in other words, I have seen a vision.

1 Nephi 8:3
 3 And behold, because of the thing which I have seen, I have
reason to rejoice in the Lord because of Nephi and also of Sam;
for I have reason to suppose that they, and also many of their
seed, will be saved.

1 Nephi 8:4
 4 But behold, Laman and Lemuel, I fear exceedingly because of
you; for behold, methought I saw in my dream, a dark and dreary
wilderness.

1 Nephi 8:5
 5 And it came to pass that I saw a man, and he was dressed in a
white robe; and he came and stood before me.

1 Nephi 8:6
 6 And it came to pass that he spake unto me, and bade me follow
him.

1 Nephi 8:7
 7 And it came to pass that as I followed him I beheld myself
that I was in a dark and dreary waste.

1 Nephi 8:8
 8 And after I had traveled for the space of many hours in
darkness, I began to pray unto the Lord that he would have mercy
on me, according to the multitude of his tender mercies.

1 Nephi 8:9
 9 And it came to pass after I had prayed unto the Lord I beheld
a large and spacious field.

1 Nephi 8:10
 10 And it came to pass that I beheld a tree, whose fruit was
desirable to make one happy.

1 Nephi 8:11
 11 And it came to pass that I did go forth and partake of the
fruit thereof; and I beheld that it was most sweet, above all
that I ever before tasted.  Yea, and I beheld that the fruit
thereof was white, to exceed all the whiteness that I had ever
seen.

1 Nephi 8:12
 12 And as I partook of the fruit thereof it filled my soul with
exceedingly great joy; wherefore, I began to be desirous that my
family should partake of it also; for I knew that it was
desirable above all other fruit.

1 Nephi 8:13
 13 And as I cast my eyes round about, that perhaps I might
discover my family also, I beheld a river of water; and it ran
along, and it was near the tree of which I was partaking the
fruit.

1 Nephi 8:14
 14 And I looked to behold from whence it came; and I saw the
head thereof a little way off; and at the head thereof I beheld
your mother Sariah, and Sam, and Nephi; and they stood as if they
knew not whither they should go.

1 Nephi 8:15
 15 And it came to pass that I beckoned unto them; and I also did
say unto them with a loud voice that they should come unto me,
and partake of the fruit, which was desirable above all other
fruit.

1 Nephi 8:16
 16 And it came to pass that they did come unto me and partake of
the fruit also.

1 Nephi 8:17
 17 And it came to pass that I was desirous that Laman and Lemuel
should come and partake of the fruit also; wherefore, I cast mine
eyes towards the head of the river, that perhaps I might see
them.

1 Nephi 8:18
 18 And it came to pass that I saw them, but they would not come
unto me and partake of the fruit.

1 Nephi 8:19
 19 And I beheld a rod of iron, and it extended along the bank of
the river, and led to the tree by which I stood.

1 Nephi 8:20
 20 And I also beheld a strait and narrow path, which came along
by the rod of iron, even to the tree by which I stood; and it
also led by the head of the fountain, unto a large and spacious
field, as if it had been a world.

1 Nephi 8:21
 21 And I saw numberless concourses of people, many of whom were
pressing forward, that they might obtain the path which led unto
the tree by which I stood.

1 Nephi 8:22
 22 And it came to pass that they did come forth, and commence in
the path which led to the tree.

1 Nephi 8:23
 23 And it came to pass that there arose a mist of darkness; yea,
even an exceedingly great mist of darkness, insomuch that they
who had commenced in the path did lose their way, that they
wandered off and were lost.

1 Nephi 8:24
 24 And it came to pass that I beheld others pressing forward,
and they came forth and caught hold of the end of the rod of
iron; and they did press forward through the mist of darkness,
clinging to the rod of iron, even until they did come forth and
partake of the fruit of the tree.

1 Nephi 8:25
 25 And after they had partaken of the fruit of the tree they did
cast their eyes about as if they were ashamed.

1 Nephi 8:26
 26 And I also cast my eyes round about, and beheld, on the other
side of the river of water, a great and spacious building; and it
stood as it were in the air, high above the earth.

1 Nephi 8:27
 27 And it was filled with people, both old and young, both male
and female; and their manner of dress was exceedingly fine; and
they were in the attitude of mocking and pointing their fingers
towards those who had come at and were partaking of the fruit.

1 Nephi 8:28
 28 And after they had tasted of the fruit they were ashamed,
because of those that were scoffing at them; and they fell away
into forbidden paths and were lost.

1 Nephi 8:29
 29 And now I, Nephi, do not speak all the words of my father.

1 Nephi 8:30
 30 But, to be short in writing, behold, he saw other multitudes
pressing forward; and they came and caught hold of the end of the
rod of iron; and they did press their way forward, continually
holding fast to the rod of iron, until they came forth and fell
down and partook of the fruit of the tree.

1 Nephi 8:31
 31 And he also saw other multitudes feeling their way towards
that great and spacious building.

1 Nephi 8:32
 32 And it came to pass that many were drowned in the depths of
the fountain; and many were lost from his view, wandering in
strange roads.

1 Nephi 8:33
 33 And great was the multitude that did enter into that strange
building.  And after they did enter into that building they did
point the finger of scorn at me and those that were partaking of
the fruit also; but we heeded them not.

1 Nephi 8:34
 34 These are the words of my father: For as many as heeded them,
had fallen away.

1 Nephi 8:35
 35 And Laman and Lemuel partook not of the fruit, said my
father.

1 Nephi 8:36
 36 And it came to pass after my father had spoken all the words
of his dream or vision, which were many, he said unto us, because
of these things which he saw in a vision, he exceedingly feared
for Laman and Lemuel; yea, he feared lest they should be cast off
from the presence of the Lord.

1 Nephi 8:37
 37 And he did exhort them then with all the feeling of a tender
parent, that they would hearken to his words, that perhaps the
Lord would be merciful to them, and not cast them off; yea, my
father did preach unto them.

1 Nephi 8:38
 38 And after he had preached unto them, and also prophesied unto
them of many things, he bade them to keep the commandments of the
Lord; and he did cease speaking unto them.

1 Nephi 9
Chapter 9

1 Nephi 9:1
 1 And all these things did my father see, and hear, and speak,
as he dwelt in a tent, in the valley of Lemuel, and also a great
many more things, which cannot be written upon these plates.

1 Nephi 9:2
 2 And now, as I have spoken concerning these plates, behold they
are not the plates upon which I make a full account of the
history of my people; for the plates upon which I make a full
account of my people I have given the name of Nephi; wherefore,
they are called the plates of Nephi, after mine own name; and
these plates also are called the plates of Nephi.

1 Nephi 9:3
 3 Nevertheless, I have received a commandment of the Lord that I
should make these plates, for the special purpose that there
should be an account engraven of the ministry of my people.

1 Nephi 9:4
 4 Upon the other plates should be engraven an account of the
reign of the kings, and the wars and contentions of my people;
wherefore these plates are for the more part of the ministry; and
the other plates are for the more part of the reign of the kings
and the wars and contentions of my people.

1 Nephi 9:5
 5 Wherefore, the Lord hath commanded me to make these plates for
a wise purpose in him, which purpose I know not.

1 Nephi 9:6
 6 But the Lord knoweth all things from the beginning; wherefore,
he prepareth a way to accomplish all his works among the children
of men; for behold, he hath all power unto the fulfilling of all
his words.  And thus it is.  Amen.

1 Nephi 10
Chapter 10

1 Nephi 10:1
 1 And now I, Nephi, proceed to give an account upon these plates
of my proceedings, and my reign and ministry; wherefore, to
proceed with mine account, I must speak somewhat of the things of
my father, and also of my brethren.

1 Nephi 10:2
 2 For behold, it came to pass after my father had made an end of
speaking the words of his dream, and also of exhorting them to
all diligence, he spake unto them concerning the Jews--

1 Nephi 10:3
 3 That after they should be destroyed, even that great city
Jerusalem, and many be carried away captive into Babylon,
according to the own due time of the Lord, they should return
again, yea, even be brought back out of captivity; and after they
should be brought back out of captivity they should possess again
the land of their inheritance.

1 Nephi 10:4
 4 Yea, even six hundred years from the time that my father left
Jerusalem, a prophet would the Lord God raise up among the
Jews--even a Messiah, or, in other words, a Savior of the world.

1 Nephi 10:5
 5 And he also spake concerning the prophets, how great a number
had testified of these things, concerning this Messiah, of whom
he had spoken, or this Redeemer of the world.

1 Nephi 10:6
 6 Wherefore, all mankind were in a lost and in a fallen state,
and ever would be save they should rely on this Redeemer.

1 Nephi 10:7
 7 And he spake also concerning a prophet who should come before
the Messiah, to prepare the way of the Lord--

1 Nephi 10:8
 8 Yea, even he should go forth and cry in the wilderness:
Prepare ye the way of the Lord, and make his paths straight; for
there standeth one among you whom ye know not; and he is mightier
than I, whose shoe's latchet I am not worthy to unloose.  And
much spake my father concerning this thing.

1 Nephi 10:9
 9 And my father said he should baptize in Bethabara, beyond
Jordan; and he also said he should baptize with water; even that
he should baptize the Messiah with water.

1 Nephi 10:10
 10 And after he had baptized the Messiah with water, he should
behold and bear record that he had baptized the Lamb of God, who
should take away the sins of the world.

1 Nephi 10:11
 11 And it came to pass after my father had spoken these words he
spake unto my brethren concerning the gospel which should be
preached among the Jews, and also concerning the dwindling of the
Jews in unbelief.  And after they had slain the Messiah, who
should come, and after he had been slain he should rise from the
dead, and should make himself manifest, by the Holy Ghost, unto
the Gentiles.

1 Nephi 10:12
 12 Yea, even my father spake much concerning the Gentiles, and
also concerning the house of Israel, that they should be compared
like unto an olive-tree, whose branches should be broken off and
should be scattered upon all the face of the earth.

1 Nephi 10:13
 13 Wherefore, he said it must needs be that we should be led
with one accord into the land of promise, unto the fulfilling of
the word of the Lord, that we should be scattered upon all the
face of the earth.

1 Nephi 10:14
 14 And after the house of Israel should be scattered they should
be gathered together again; or, in fine, after the Gentiles had
received the fulness of the Gospel, the natural branches of the
olive-tree, or the remnants of the house of Israel, should be
grafted in, or come to the knowledge of the true Messiah, their
Lord and their Redeemer.

1 Nephi 10:15
 15 And after this manner of language did my father prophesy and
speak unto my brethren, and also many more things which I do not
write in this book; for I have written as many of them as were
expedient for me in mine other book.

1 Nephi 10:16
 16 And all these things, of which I have spoken, were done as my
father dwelt in a tent, in the valley of Lemuel.

1 Nephi 10:17
 17 And it came to pass after I, Nephi, having heard all the
words of my father, concerning the things which he saw in a
vision, and also the things which he spake by the power of the
Holy Ghost, which power he received by faith on the Son of
God--and the Son of God was the Messiah who should come--I,
Nephi, was desirous also that I might see, and hear, and know of
these things, by the power of the Holy Ghost, which is the gift
of God unto all those who diligently seek him, as well in times
of old as in the time that he should manifest himself unto the
children of men.

1 Nephi 10:18
 18 For he is the same yesterday, to-day, and forever; and the
way is prepared for all men from the foundation of the world, if
it so be that they repent and come unto him.

1 Nephi 10:19
 19 For he that diligently seeketh shall find; and the mysteries
of God shall be unfolded unto them, by the power of the Holy
Ghost, as well in these times as in times of old, and as well in
times of old as in times to come; wherefore, the course of the
Lord is one eternal round.

1 Nephi 10:20
 20 Therefore remember, O man, for all thy doings thou shalt be
brought into judgment.

1 Nephi 10:21
 21 Wherefore, if ye have sought to do wickedly in the days of
your probation, then ye are found unclean before the
judgment-seat of God; and no unclean thing can dwell with God;
wherefore, ye must be cast off forever.

1 Nephi 10:22
 22 And the Holy Ghost giveth authority that I should speak these
things, and deny them not.

1 Nephi 11
Chapter 11

1 Nephi 11:1
 1 For it came to pass after I had desired to know the things
that my father had seen, and believing that the Lord was able to
make them known unto me, as I sat pondering in mine heart I was
caught away in the Spirit of the Lord, yea, into an exceedingly
high mountain, which I never had before seen, and upon which I
never had before set my foot.

1 Nephi 11:2
 2 And the Spirit said unto me: Behold, what desirest thou?

1 Nephi 11:3
 3 And I said: I desire to behold the things which my father saw.

1 Nephi 11:4
 4 And the Spirit said unto me: Believest thou that thy father
saw the tree of which he hath spoken?

1 Nephi 11:5
 5 And I said: Yea, thou knowest that I believe all the words of
my father.

1 Nephi 11:6
 6 And when I had spoken these words, the Spirit cried with a
loud voice, saying: Hosanna to the Lord, the most high God; for
he is God over all the earth, yea, even above all.  And blessed
art thou, Nephi, because thou believest in the Son of the most
high God; wherefore, thou shalt behold the things which thou hast
desired.

1 Nephi 11:7
 7 And behold this thing shall be given unto thee for a sign,
that after thou hast beheld the tree which bore the fruit which
thy father tasted, thou shalt also behold a man descending out of
heaven, and him shall ye witness; and after ye have witnessed him
ye shall bear record that it is the Son of God.

1 Nephi 11:8
 8 And it came to pass that the Spirit said unto me: Look!  And I
looked and beheld a tree; and it was like unto the tree which my
father had seen; and the beauty thereof was far beyond, yea,
exceeding of all beauty; and the whiteness thereof did exceed the
whiteness of the driven snow.

1 Nephi 11:9
 9 And it came to pass after I had seen the tree, I said unto the
Spirit: I behold thou hast shown unto me the tree which is
precious above all.

1 Nephi 11:10
 10 And he said unto me: What desirest thou?

1 Nephi 11:11
 11 And I said unto him: To know the interpretation thereof--for
I spake unto him as a man speaketh; for I beheld that he was in
the form of a man; yet nevertheless, I knew that it was the
Spirit of the Lord; and he spake unto me as a man speaketh with
another.

1 Nephi 11:12
 12 And it came to pass that he said unto me: Look!  And I looked
as if to look upon him, and I saw him not; for he had gone from
before my presence.

1 Nephi 11:13
 13 And it came to pass that I looked and beheld the great city
of Jerusalem, and also other cities.  And I beheld the city of
Nazareth; and in the city of Nazareth I beheld a virgin, and she
was exceedingly fair and white.

1 Nephi 11:14
 14 And it came to pass that I saw the heavens open; and an angel
came down and stood before me; and he said unto me: Nephi, what
beholdest thou?

1 Nephi 11:15
 15 And I said unto him: A virgin, most beautiful and fair above
all other virgins.

1 Nephi 11:16
 16 And he said unto me: Knowest thou the condescension of God?

1 Nephi 11:17
 17 And I said unto him: I know that he loveth his children;
nevertheless, I do not know the meaning of all things.

1 Nephi 11:18
 18 And he said unto me: Behold, the virgin whom thou seest is
the mother of the Son of God, after the manner of the flesh.

1 Nephi 11:19
 19 And it came to pass that I beheld that she was carried away
in the Spirit; and after she had been carried away in the Spirit
for the space of a time the angel spake unto me, saying: Look!

1 Nephi 11:20
 20 And I looked and beheld the virgin again, bearing a child in
her arms.

1 Nephi 11:21
 21 And the angel said unto me: Behold the Lamb of God, yea, even
the Son of the Eternal Father!  Knowest thou the meaning of the
tree which thy father saw?

1 Nephi 11:22
 22 And I answered him, saying: Yea, it is the love of God, which
sheddeth itself abroad in the hearts of the children of men;
wherefore, it is the most desirable above all things.

1 Nephi 11:23
 23 And he spake unto me, saying: Yea, and the most joyous to the
soul.

1 Nephi 11:24
 24 And after he had said these words, he said unto me: Look! 
And I looked, and I beheld the Son of God going forth among the
children of men; and I saw many fall down at his feet and worship
him.

1 Nephi 11:25
 25 And it came to pass that I beheld that the rod of iron, which
my father had seen, was the word of God, which led to the
fountain of living waters, or to the tree of life; which waters
are a representation of the love of God; and I also beheld that
the tree of life was a representation of the love of God.

1 Nephi 11:26
 26 And the angel said unto me again: Look and behold the
condescension of God!

1 Nephi 11:27
 27 And I looked and beheld the Redeemer of the world, of whom my
father had spoken; and I also beheld the prophet who should
prepare the way before him.  And the Lamb of God went forth and
was baptized of him; and after he was baptized, I beheld the
heavens open, and the Holy Ghost come down out of heaven and
abide upon him in the form of a dove.

1 Nephi 11:28
 28 And I beheld that he went forth ministering unto the people,
in power and great glory; and the multitudes were gathered
together to hear him; and I beheld that they cast him out from
among them.

1 Nephi 11:29
 29 And I also beheld twelve others following him.  And it came
to pass that they were carried away in the Spirit from before my
face, and I saw them not.

1 Nephi 11:30
 30 And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me again,
saying: Look!  And I looked, and I beheld the heavens open again,
and I saw angels descending upon the children of men; and they
did minister unto them.

1 Nephi 11:31
 31 And he spake unto me again, saying: Look!  And I looked, and
I beheld the Lamb of God going forth among the children of men. 
And I beheld multitudes of people who were sick, and who were
afflicted with all manner of diseases, and with devils and
unclean spirits; and the angel spake and showed all these things
unto me.  And they were healed by the power of the Lamb of God;
and the devils and the unclean spirits were cast out.

1 Nephi 11:32
 32 And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me again,
saying: Look!  And I looked and beheld the Lamb of God, that he
was taken by the people; yea, the Son of the everlasting God was
judged of the world; and I saw and bear record.

1 Nephi 11:33
 33 And I, Nephi, saw that he was lifted up upon the cross and
slain for the sins of the world.

1 Nephi 11:34
 34 And after he was slain I saw the multitudes of the earth,
that they were gathered together to fight against the apostles of
the Lamb; for thus were the twelve called by the angel of the
Lord.

1 Nephi 11:35
 35 And the multitude of the earth was gathered together; and I
beheld that they were in a large and spacious building, like unto
the building which my father saw.  And the angel of the Lord
spake unto me again, saying: Behold the world and the wisdom
thereof; yea, behold the house of Israel hath gathered together
to fight against the twelve apostles of the Lamb.

1 Nephi 11:36
 36 And it came to pass that I saw and bear record, that the
great and spacious building was the pride of the world; and it
fell, and the fall thereof was exceedingly great.  And the angel
of the Lord spake unto me again, saying: Thus shall be the
destruction of all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people, that
shall fight against the twelve apostles of the Lamb.

1 Nephi 12
Chapter 12

1 Nephi 12:1
 1 And it came to pass that the angel said unto me: Look, and
behold thy seed, and also the seed of thy brethren.  And I looked
and beheld the land of promise; and I beheld multitudes of
people, yea, even as it were in number as many as the sand of the
sea.

1 Nephi 12:2
 2 And it came to pass that I beheld multitudes gathered together
to battle, one against the other; and I beheld wars, and rumors
of wars, and great slaughters with the sword among my people.

1 Nephi 12:3
 3 And it came to pass that I beheld many generations pass away,
after the manner of wars and contentions in the land; and I
beheld many cities, yea, even that I did not number them.

1 Nephi 12:4
 4 And it came to pass that I saw a mist of darkness on the face
of the land of promise; and I saw lightnings, and I heard
thunderings, and earthquakes, and all manner of tumultuous
noises; and I saw the earth and the rocks, that they rent; and I
saw mountains tumbling into pieces; and I saw the plains of the
earth, that they were broken up; and I saw many cities that they
were sunk; and I saw many that they were burned with fire; and I
saw many that did tumble to the earth, because of the quaking
thereof.

1 Nephi 12:5
 5 And it came to pass after I saw these things, I saw the vapor
of darkness, that it passed from off the face of the earth; and
behold, I saw multitudes who had not fallen because of the great
and terrible judgments of the Lord.

1 Nephi 12:6
 6 And I saw the heavens open, and the Lamb of God descending out
of heaven; and he came down and showed himself unto them.

1 Nephi 12:7
 7 And I also saw and bear record that the Holy Ghost fell upon
twelve others; and they were ordained of God, and chosen.

1 Nephi 12:8
 8 And the angel spake unto me, saying: Behold the twelve
disciples of the Lamb, who are chosen to minister unto thy seed.

1 Nephi 12:9
 9 And he said unto me: Thou rememberest the twelve apostles of
the Lamb?  Behold they are they who shall judge the twelve tribes
of Israel; wherefore, the twelve ministers of thy seed shall be
judged of them; for ye are of the house of Israel.

1 Nephi 12:10
 10 And these twelve ministers whom thou beholdest shall judge
thy seed.  And, behold, they are righteous forever; for because
of their faith in the Lamb of God their garments are made white
in his blood.

1 Nephi 12:11
 11 And the angel said unto me: Look!  And I looked, and beheld
three generations pass away in righteousness; and their garments
were white even like unto the Lamb of God.  And the angel said
unto me: These are made white in the blood of the Lamb, because
of their faith in him.

1 Nephi 12:12
 12 And I, Nephi, also saw many of the fourth generation who
passed away in righteousness.

1 Nephi 12:13
 13 And it came to pass that I saw the multitudes of the earth
gathered together.

1 Nephi 12:14
 14 And the angel said unto me: Behold thy seed, and also the
seed of thy brethren.

1 Nephi 12:15
 15 And it came to pass that I looked and beheld the people of my
seed gathered together in multitudes against the seed of my
brethren; and they were gathered together to battle.

1 Nephi 12:16
 16 And the angel spake unto me, saying: Behold the fountain of
filthy water which thy father saw; yea, even the river of which
he spake; and the depths thereof are the depths of hell.

1 Nephi 12:17
 17 And the mists of darkness are the temptations of the devil,
which blindeth the eyes, and hardeneth the hearts of the children
of men, and leadeth them away into broad roads, that they perish
and are lost.

1 Nephi 12:18
 18 And the large and spacious building, which thy father saw, is
vain imaginations and the pride of the children of men.  And a
great and a terrible gulf divideth them; yea, even the word of
the justice of the Eternal God, and the Messiah who is the Lamb
of God, of whom the Holy Ghost beareth record, from the beginning
of the world until this time, and from this time henceforth and
forever.

1 Nephi 12:19
 19 And while the angel spake these words, I beheld and saw that
the seed of my brethren did contend against my seed, according to
the word of the angel; and because of the pride of my seed, and
the temptations of the devil, I beheld that the seed of my
brethren did overpower the people of my seed.

1 Nephi 12:20
 20 And it came to pass that I beheld, and saw the people of the
seed of my brethren that they had overcome my seed; and they went
forth in multitudes upon the face of the land.

1 Nephi 12:21
 21 And I saw them gathered together in multitudes; and I saw
wars and rumors of wars among them; and in wars and rumors of
wars I saw many generations pass away.

1 Nephi 12:22
 22 And the angel said unto me: Behold these shall dwindle in
unbelief.

1 Nephi 12:23
 23 And it came to pass that I beheld, after they had dwindled in
unbelief they became a dark, and loathsome, and a filthy people,
full of idleness and all manner of abominations.

1 Nephi 13
Chapter 13

1 Nephi 13:1
 1 And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me, saying:
Look!  And I looked and beheld many nations and kingdoms.

1 Nephi 13:2
 2 And the angel said unto me: What beholdest thou?  And I said:
I behold many nations and kingdoms.

1 Nephi 13:3
 3 And he said unto me: These are the nations and kingdoms of the
Gentiles.

1 Nephi 13:4
 4 And it came to pass that I saw among the nations of the
Gentiles the formation of a great church.

1 Nephi 13:5
 5 And the angel said unto me: Behold the formation of a church
which is most abominable above all other churches, which slayeth
the saints of God, yea, and tortureth them and bindeth them down,
and yoketh them with a yoke of iron, and bringeth them down into
captivity.

1 Nephi 13:6
 6 And it came to pass that I beheld this great and abominable
church; and I saw the devil that he was the founder of it.

1 Nephi 13:7
 7 And I also saw gold, and silver, and silks, and scarlets, and
fine-twined linen, and all manner of precious clothing; and I saw
many harlots.

1 Nephi 13:8
 8 And the angel spake unto me, saying: Behold the gold, and the
silver, and the silks, and the scarlets, and the fine-twined
linen, and the precious clothing, and the harlots, are the
desires of this great and abominable church.

1 Nephi 13:9
 9 And also for the praise of the world do they destroy the
saints of God, and bring them down into captivity.

1 Nephi 13:10
 10 And it came to pass that I looked and beheld many waters; and
they divided the Gentiles from the seed of my brethren.

1 Nephi 13:11
 11 And it came to pass that the angel said unto me: Behold the
wrath of God is upon the seed of thy brethren.

1 Nephi 13:12
 12 And I looked and beheld a man among the Gentiles, who was
separated from the seed of my brethren by the many waters; and I
beheld the Spirit of God, that it came down and wrought upon the
man; and he went forth upon the many waters, even unto the seed
of my brethren, who were in the promised land.

1 Nephi 13:13
 13 And it came to pass that I beheld the Spirit of God, that it
wrought upon other Gentiles; and they went forth out of
captivity, upon the many waters.

1 Nephi 13:14
 14 And it came to pass that I beheld many multitudes of the
Gentiles upon the land of promise; and I beheld the wrath of God,
that it was upon the seed of my brethren; and they were scattered
before the Gentiles and were smitten.

1 Nephi 13:15
 15 And I beheld the Spirit of the Lord, that it was upon the
Gentiles, and they did prosper and obtain the land for their
inheritance; and I beheld that they were white, and exceedingly
fair and beautiful, like unto my people before they were slain.

1 Nephi 13:16
 16 And it came to pass that I, Nephi, beheld that the Gentiles
who had gone forth out of captivity did humble themselves before
the Lord; and the power of the Lord was with them.

1 Nephi 13:17
 17 And I beheld that their mother Gentiles were gathered
together upon the waters, and upon the land also, to battle
against them.

1 Nephi 13:18
 18 And I beheld that the power of God was with them, and also
that the wrath of God was upon all those that were gathered
together against them to battle.

1 Nephi 13:19
 19 And I, Nephi, beheld that the Gentiles that had gone out of
captivity were delivered by the power of God out of the hands of
all other nations.

1 Nephi 13:20
 20 And it came to pass that I, Nephi, beheld that they did
prosper in the land; and I beheld a book, and it was carried
forth among them.

1 Nephi 13:21
 21 And the angel said unto me: Knowest thou the meaning of the
book?

1 Nephi 13:22
 22 And I said unto him: I know not.

1 Nephi 13:23
 23 And he said: Behold it proceedeth out of the mouth of a Jew. 
And I, Nephi, beheld it; and he said unto me: The book that thou
beholdest is a record of the Jews, which contains the covenants
of the Lord, which he hath made unto the house of Israel; and it
also containeth many of the prophecies of the holy prophets; and
it is a record like unto the engravings which are upon the plates
of brass, save there are not so many; nevertheless, they contain
the covenants of the Lord, which he hath made unto the house of
Israel; wherefore, they are of great worth unto the Gentiles.

1 Nephi 13:24
 24 And the angel of the Lord said unto me: Thou hast beheld that
the book proceeded forth from the mouth of a Jew; and when it
proceeded forth from the mouth of a Jew it contained the fulness
of the gospel of the Lord, of whom the twelve apostles bear
record; and they bear record according to the truth which is in
the Lamb of God.

1 Nephi 13:25
 25 Wherefore, these things go forth from the Jews in purity unto
the Gentiles, according to the truth which is in God.

1 Nephi 13:26
 26 And after they go forth by the hand of the twelve apostles of
the Lamb, from the Jews unto the Gentiles, thou seest the
formation of a great and abominable church, which is most
abominable above all other churches; for behold, they have taken
away from the gospel of the Lamb many parts which are plain and
most precious; and also many covenants of the Lord have they
taken away.

1 Nephi 13:27
 27 And all this have they done that they might pervert the right
ways of the Lord, that they might blind the eyes and harden the
hearts of the children of men.

1 Nephi 13:28
 28 Wherefore, thou seest that after the book hath gone forth
through the hands of the great and abominable church, that there
are many plain and precious things taken away from the book,
which is the book of the Lamb of God.

1 Nephi 13:29
 29 And after these plain and precious things were taken away it
goeth forth unto all the nations of the Gentiles; and after it
goeth forth unto all the nations of the Gentiles, yea, even
across the many waters which thou hast seen with the Gentiles
which have gone forth out of captivity, thou seest--because of
the many plain and precious things which have been taken out of
the book, which were plain unto the understanding of the children
of men, according to the plainness which is in the Lamb of
God--because of these things which are taken away out of the
gospel of the Lamb, an exceedingly great many do stumble, yea,
insomuch that Satan hath great power over them.

1 Nephi 13:30
 30 Nevertheless, thou beholdest that the Gentiles who have gone
forth out of captivity, and have been lifted up by the power of
God above all other nations, upon the face of the land which is
choice above all other lands, which is the land that the Lord God
hath covenanted with thy father that his seed should have for the
land of their inheritance; wherefore, thou seest that the Lord
God will not suffer that the Gentiles will utterly destroy the
mixture of thy seed, which are among thy brethren.

1 Nephi 13:31
 31 Neither will he suffer that the Gentiles shall destroy the
seed of thy brethren.

1 Nephi 13:32
 32 Neither will the Lord God suffer that the Gentiles shall
forever remain in that awful state of blindness, which thou
beholdest they are in, because of the plain and most precious
parts of the gospel of the Lamb which have been kept back by that
abominable church, whose formation thou hast seen.

1 Nephi 13:33
 33 Wherefore saith the Lamb of God: I will be merciful unto the
Gentiles, unto the visiting of the remnant of the house of Israel
in great judgment.

1 Nephi 13:34
 34 And it came to pass that the angel of the Lord spake unto me,
saying: Behold, saith the Lamb of God, after I have visited the
remnant of the house of Israel--and this remnant of whom I speak
is the seed of thy father--wherefore, after I have visited them
in judgment, and smitten them by the hand of the Gentiles, and
after the Gentiles do stumble exceedingly, because of the most
plain and precious parts of the gospel of the Lamb which have
been kept back by that abominable church, which is the mother of
harlots, saith the Lamb--I will be merciful unto the Gentiles in
that day, insomuch that I will bring forth unto them, in mine own
power, much of my gospel, which shall be plain and precious,
saith the Lamb.

1 Nephi 13:35
 35 For, behold, saith the Lamb: I will manifest myself unto thy
seed, that they shall write many things which I shall minister
unto them, which shall be plain and precious; and after thy seed
shall be destroyed, and dwindle in unbelief, and also the seed of
thy brethren, behold, these things shall be hid up, to come forth
unto the Gentiles, by the gift and power of the Lamb.

1 Nephi 13:36
 36 And in them shall be written my gospel, saith the Lamb, and
my rock and my salvation.

1 Nephi 13:37
 37 And blessed are they who shall seek to bring forth my Zion at
that day, for they shall have the gift and the power of the Holy
Ghost; and if they endure unto the end they shall be lifted up at
the last day, and shall be saved in the everlasting kingdom of
the Lamb; and whoso shall publish peace, yea, tidings of great
joy, how beautiful upon the mountains shall they be.

1 Nephi 13:38
 38 And it came to pass that I beheld the remnant of the seed of
my brethren, and also the book of the Lamb of God, which had
proceeded forth from the mouth of the Jew, that it came forth
from the Gentiles unto the remnant of the seed of my brethren.

1 Nephi 13:39
 39 And after it had come forth unto them I beheld other books,
which came forth by the power of the Lamb, from the Gentiles unto
them, unto the convincing of the Gentiles and the remnant of the
seed of my brethren, and also the Jews who were scattered upon
all the face of the earth, that the records of the prophets and
of the twelve apostles of the Lamb are true.

1 Nephi 13:40
 40 And the angel spake unto me, saying: These last records,
which thou hast seen among the Gentiles, shall establish the
truth of the first, which are of the twelve apostles of the Lamb,
and shall make known the plain and precious things which have
been taken away from them; and shall make known to all kindreds,
tongues, and people, that the Lamb of God is the Son of the
Eternal Father, and the Savior of the world; and that all men
must come unto him, or they cannot be saved.

1 Nephi 13:41
 41 And they must come according to the words which shall be
established by the mouth of the Lamb; and the words of the Lamb
shall be made known in the records of thy seed, as well as in the
records of the twelve apostles of the Lamb; wherefore they both
shall be established in one; for there is one God and one
Shepherd over all the earth.

1 Nephi 13:42
 42 And the time cometh that he shall manifest himself unto all
nations, both unto the Jews and also unto the Gentiles; and after
he has manifested himself unto the Jews and also unto the
Gentiles, then he shall manifest himself unto the Gentiles and
also unto the Jews, and the last shall be first, and the first
shall be last.

1 Nephi 14
Chapter 14

1 Nephi 14:1
 1 And it shall come to pass, that if the Gentiles shall hearken
unto the Lamb of God in that day that he shall manifest himself
unto them in word, and also in power, in very deed, unto the
taking away of their stumbling blocks--

1 Nephi 14:2
 2 And harden not their hearts against the Lamb of God, they
shall be numbered among the seed of thy father; yea, they shall
be numbered among the house of Israel; and they shall be a
blessed people upon the promised land forever; they shall be no
more brought down into captivity; and the house of Israel shall
no more be confounded.

1 Nephi 14:3
 3 And that great pit, which hath been digged for them by that
great and abominable church, which was founded by the devil and
his children, that he might lead away the souls of men down to
hell--yea, that great pit which hath been digged for the
destruction of men shall be filled by those who digged it, unto
their utter destruction, saith the Lamb of God; not the
destruction of the soul, save it be the casting of it into that
hell which hath no end.

1 Nephi 14:4
 4 For behold, this is according to the captivity of the devil,
and also according to the justice of God, upon all those who will
work wickedness and abomination before him.

1 Nephi 14:5
 5 And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me, Nephi,
saying: Thou hast beheld that if the Gentiles repent it shall be
well with them; and thou also knowest concerning the covenants of
the Lord unto the house of Israel; and thou also hast heard that
whoso repenteth not must perish.

1 Nephi 14:6
 6 Therefore, wo be unto the Gentiles if it so be that they
harden their hearts against the Lamb of God.

1 Nephi 14:7
 7 For the time cometh, saith the Lamb of God, that I will work a
great and a marvelous work among the children of men; a work
which shall be everlasting, either on the one hand or on the
other--either to the convincing of them unto peace and life
eternal, or unto the deliverance of them to the hardness of their
hearts and the blindness of their minds unto their being brought
down into captivity, and also into destruction, both temporally
and spiritually, according to the captivity of the devil, of
which I have spoken.

1 Nephi 14:8
 8 And it came to pass that when the angel had spoken these
words, he said unto me: Rememberest thou the covenants of the
Father unto the house of Israel?  I said unto him, Yea.

1 Nephi 14:9
 9 And it came to pass that he said unto me: Look, and behold
that great and abominable church, which is the mother of
abominations, whose founder is the devil.

1 Nephi 14:10
 10 And he said unto me: Behold there are save two churches only;
the one is the church of the Lamb of God, and the other is the
church of the devil; wherefore, whoso belongeth not to the church
of the Lamb of God belongeth to that great church, which is the
mother of abominations; and she is the whore of all the earth.

1 Nephi 14:11
 11 And it came to pass that I looked and beheld the whore of all
the earth, and she sat upon many waters; and she had dominion
over all the earth, among all nations, kindreds, tongues, and
people.

1 Nephi 14:12
 12 And it came to pass that I beheld the church of the Lamb of
God, and its numbers were few, because of the wickedness and
abominations of the whore who sat upon many waters; nevertheless,
I beheld that the church of the Lamb, who were the saints of God,
were also upon all the face of the earth; and their dominions
upon the face of the earth were small, because of the wickedness
of the great whore whom I saw.

1 Nephi 14:13
 13 And it came to pass that I beheld that the great mother of
abominations did gather together multitudes upon the face of all
the earth, among all the nations of the Gentiles, to fight
against the Lamb of God.

1 Nephi 14:14
 14 And it came to pass that I, Nephi, beheld the power of the
Lamb of God, that it descended upon the saints of the church of
the Lamb, and upon the covenant people of the Lord, who were
scattered upon all the face of the earth; and they were armed
with righteousness and with the power of God in great glory.

1 Nephi 14:15
 15 And it came to pass that I beheld that the wrath of God was
poured out upon that great and abominable church, insomuch that
there were wars and rumors of wars among all the nations and
kindreds of the earth.

1 Nephi 14:16
 16 And as there began to be wars and rumors of wars among all
the nations which belonged to the mother of abominations, the
angel spake unto me, saying: Behold, the wrath of God is upon the
mother of harlots; and behold, thou seest all these things--

1 Nephi 14:17
 17 And when the day cometh that the wrath of God is poured out
upon the mother of harlots, which is the great and abominable
church of all the earth, whose founder is the devil, then, at
that day, the work of the Father shall commence, in preparing the
way for the fulfilling of his covenants, which he hath made to
his people who are of the house of Israel.

1 Nephi 14:18
 18 And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me, saying:
Look!

1 Nephi 14:19
 19 And I looked and beheld a man, and he was dressed in a white
robe.

1 Nephi 14:20
 20 And the angel said unto me: Behold one of the twelve apostles
of the Lamb.

1 Nephi 14:21
 21 Behold, he shall see and write the remainder of these things;
yea, and also many things which have been.

1 Nephi 14:22
 22 And he shall also write concerning the end of the world.

1 Nephi 14:23
 23 Wherefore, the things which he shall write are just and true;
and behold they are written in the book which thou beheld
proceeding out of the mouth of the Jew; and at the time they
proceeded out of the mouth of the Jew, or, at the time the book
proceeded out of the mouth of the Jew, the things which were
written were plain and pure, and most precious and easy to the
understanding of all men.

1 Nephi 14:24
 24 And behold, the things which this apostle of the Lamb shall
write are many things which thou hast seen; and behold, the
remainder shalt thou see.

1 Nephi 14:25
 25 But the things which thou shalt see hereafter thou shalt not
write; for the Lord God hath ordained the apostle of the Lamb of
God that he should write them.

1 Nephi 14:26
 26 And also others who have been, to them hath he shown all
things, and they have written them; and they are sealed up to
come forth in their purity, according to the truth which is in
the Lamb, in the own due time of the Lord, unto the house of
Israel.


Push me over, push me over, push me over, I'm a pushover.
Oh yeah, just play the song,
 inside your heart
I got Elvis on my elbow
You put a spell on me
Bright lights in your city lights, all right.
I'd jump right on a big bucket and fly.
deja vu
 in a bottle I'll send the message
But do as you feel
Look both ways now.
Wa wa zat !! time flies
In Mother Earth's soul, yet!
(chorus)
Coming around you may wake up to find
Where the sun goes
But somehow I got fooled
Swap-meet sally
That's all I'm talkin' about
Wooo-oooo
Will this depression last for long?
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up my choice
That's what you're hungry for
Throwin' down, down, tryin' to reach the bottom
Don't you know it means the same to me?
Shu ba da du ma ma ma
Who knows what we'll find?
I hear 
And the Southern girls with the way they talk
religion
I was first one to get in
This next part should really confuse things
But you smashed my heart in two
That sweet rhythm of her own
Why don't you shut up
I had a dream it was really you
 never been new, babe, child. Ow!
Her thunder thong around your neck
Stand up, stand up
The Mid-West farmer's daughters really 
Wash away my suffering, oh
Lyrics for "Act One" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
Badman, looking for attention
Even on the beat, cherry, cherry on the beat
Before they hit the lights
Out upon 
Explodo paint
Ain't no Brinks truck following no hearse
Somethin' to fill in the holes
And I see lonely ships upon the water
Ain't I glad that love is blind?
And I'm searching for the latest thing, a break in this routine
And the thought of the pretty girls
I'm so sad and lonely
Dig, 'cos I got my own world to live through
I got hula girls on the back of my leg
Own me. She owns it.
Pretty woman, walking down the 
I'm just a gigolo and ev'rywhere I go
Heartbreakin' motor drive
With the breaks
Time to play the cards
I think it's time to roll
A man needs love to live, I'm the livin' 
Wow! Them girls are bitin' good tonight
And i lead with my face, well
Hey now baby well you drivin' me crazy
Of Charles River mud.
So what the fuck?
phone numbers
This wild frontier
Must be the heat
If you want love, you've got to give a little
And I'm not looking for 
To love somebody secretly And never 
Here and gone
And you take the second two lines
Late for the hanging, yes he's headed for the moon
Deep inside of me
Ah yeah!
Just go on out and get it
Ow yeah, ow!
In Coconut Groove
Ah, can you shine the light?
Go ahead on Mr. Business man, you can't dress like me.
We think a lot but don't talk much about it
Beyond the seven seas
Now gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
And it's free for a reason you know
And do it right, right now Right now
Bomb the moon until you're crazy dead
Whoa, whoa, pretty woman
Straight from my heart oh tell
You go through life as someone's doormat
Ma and Pa look back on all the things they used to do
Ah, you know
Here's to your thin 
 and a shake
Runnin' long Oooh
Tell me honey, will your lovin' pay my bills, yeah? Pay my bills
How can you be so bold?
I need some sensible shoes
So good, so good, so good So nice
This one blew my mind, oh, uh, hey!
I'm in a cold sweat
 my tune
'Cause it's always been there
That ain't no way to treat the broken-hearted
I want to live so let me die
Best part of a man
Huah! Put it out until Judgement Day
accept
You coukd never, no, no, no, never, beat this squeeze!
Someone 
When the end comes I know
Last Time, Wrong time
Ahh, you reach down put it between my legs n' ease the seat back
Kiss me quick
They're on the T.V., the stereo
Oh, Baby 'cause It's Showtime!
And don't want me tryin' to pin her down
Her top's down
If she can't then no one else can Yeah yeah yeah
Hold on. I'm holdin' on
An' I know, I ain't lucky in nothin'
Ah. Take each step baby, one by one
But it's home, the only life I ever known.
A little heaven right here on earth. Come on!
Let's do it 'til
Only you know how I loathe Tobacco Road.
One thing for certain, ya get nothin' free
Anything else she knows
She wants to send him a letter, uh yeah yeah
Yeah! Feelin'
Uh, come on baby, baby Dance the night away Ooh, ooh, yeah
Can kill you on 
And there I stood and looked down
Girl Girl gone bad
Dream Dream another dream Ooo-ooo-ooo
Think that's where I'm gone I ain't drownin' just wavin'
Stare at disbelief in me when I just up and walk
With a Chevy for my summer home
And careful how you take it
Oh. Hey, it must be good for somethin'
Ahh Got that rhythm, of her own
And ya play it with a little pain
Since someone used my 
Wow! Blue, Hey hey! it makes me blue. Makes her blue
 me some heroin
Lord, I think I found, found, found, found, found
Yesterday I was a bum and broke
Don't have to worry 'bout the man Yeah yeah yeah
beautiful
Oh listen to my story
On the stage I'm in a rage
And I seen all kinds of girls
He fought for the unions
Yeow! Yeah!
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-Baby!
I dig a french 
I been tried and convicted, it's winner take all
I believe it was inevitable
And lookin' for it that makes you slow
Got to have it
That's the trouble with love
Hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight
An' I don't need no drink
So good, so good
And it ain't gonna change
When I flex elvis talks
women turn into beer, the old lady and TV
I got the itch and a restless soul
It's not that you're hiding
Dig that steam
Then, why can't I tell?
Dream Dream another dream Dream another dream
Girl stop complaining
Ow. Oh, oh, got that rhythm
The choice is up to you
Or another man's opinion
Yeah, the whole routine
It's rally no wonder
I'll be lounging on the Rivera
You turn it up loud
The kids must be in bed
Senorita You're exactly what the doctor ordered, come on talk to me
Oo-I, I, I, I
How expensive he was
It's 2 a.m. and traffic's slow
You can tell me bout the things on your mind
Wow! Get-get-get-get-get out and push Hey, buddy better...get out and push
When they're beatin' my boys
That's what makes us Humans Being
you can have a lot.
I broke a heart, simple n' true
Full speed across the nation
Oh, No!
Stay on my wing
Overloaded 
And it feels so nice So nice
But I'm ahead of you
 you need some bringing down
Big big money. Woo!
Every Einstein's assigned
Just admit it's true
Oh, you make me nervous
And when some local kid gets down
She was a-seaside sittin'
and all I've got, I had to steal
We're over budget
Burst mode dynamite
That's what's comin' down on the inside
Ah, have you ever really touched
Keep on wonderin' why it's gettin' so damn cold
Pavement's hot (and the) sidewalk's steamin'
Well he used to go out drinkin' lookin' for a fight
Ooo-ooo Oh, I wanna touch it now
Your iron lung's a bag of wind
But somehow it's all worth it
For what it is worth
But she knows what that'll get her Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin'
You know I'd never lie to ya, baby don't get me wrong
Just a little bit of room
For you to treat me so evilly
To knock me off my feet
Than one 
Crazy feeelings
Can't say the same for today
Nightly and that's all right with me!
Mmmm, da yeah
He's got everything 'cept what I really need
So the last of the wild frontier kings
When it comes to your love now I ain't a bit lazy
Whow! Ow!
Another place, another time, oh!
At that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up your choice
But just remember boy
Like a harpoon
You never, I said you never, never,
Di-yeah, yeah!
I'm sorry honey if I took it just a little too far, yes
Cause you don't get no sportin' chance
Only you know how I loathe
It happens just like that, baby
Reach for the sky
And I'm alone, I'm on the highway
(things on your mind)
I see a glow that fills this room
Gimme another cigarette over here
All we need is music Sweet sweet
So open up and say ahh-men
I love my blacklight
Just could be your boat is comin' in
Your I.Q. plummets fourteen points
She knows exactly what I need
Pigtails and painted toes
What you were like, long before
Oh, oh. A-lookin' good, aw yes
And late at night
Ah But now I see how ya really are
Ain't no way 'round the system
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
Tell us honey, who does your hair?
Tell me a 
Still you want that sugar daddy
Some people live apart
shot down in May.
Show me your bright lights and your city lights, all right.
But I like that bottle better than the rest
Her t-shirt ended early
I want some too! Whoa!
Have your machine call my machine
Now I know all I want
Says you're a stranger here in paradise, you fool
You mean so much to me
Spread your disease like lemmings breeding
When the cream is risin' to 
Will stone you like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
Ain't nothing's once upon a time
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, hah ha ha bottoms up
Alright, if all the hippies cut off all their hair,
, champagne bottle
Ain't no Red House over yonder
Gonna 
I've known you for all of mine
Yeah, make it nice. Ow!
How long can this go on
Is simply frighteninig
Oh, I know honey all I know is what I'm feelin' inside
Drugged into sin
Your bile inside better left unsaid
We can have the best of both worlds
What a sweet talkin' honey with a little bit o' money
I swore I'd found you once again
Yeah, but you just gorra learn
Hey, I feel like a yo-yo, I've been here too long.
Then I'll get on my knees and pray we don't get fooled again no, no! I'll move
Oooh-oooh Little dreamer, yeah. Oh-oh
One eye on the road, price upon his head
 here, honey
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Hold on, one more
Hey, they're out to knock you out n'
Provin' to be a fraud. his own church applauds
You could hear the demons call
Open up and shout it out, never try to sing
You don't think you've ever seen me somewhere before, do you, huh?
Try one together, one time a sec
Saturday night
Oh All I wanna give you woman ooh
Put your head in the clouds
I been thinkin' 'bout it all week long
Well I'm, feelin' better, now that we're through
Here comes baby jet
No one's above suspicion, no one's got it wired
the top
Makin' plan's a waste. Ain't no future here
Wonder why we're Humans Being
Don't get me wrong, I plan on gettin' some soon
Quick stop by the Bulldog
I wanna hear you call my name, feel your touch
And I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh!
You're the one that I want
That a boy like me
Right now Hey, it's your tomorrow
Ooh-oo-ooh, really mine
Come back
Least now I know it's no big ting
Wanted, dead or alive
Oh, oh-oh-oh oh yeah
As we reached for the stars
With just a bit of room
I hold fate from a string
A little heaven right here on earth, yeah
I'm on easy, easy street
It's one that i believe
And all over me. Yeah!
Will I still be lovin' you? Woo!
Ooh, lovin' and a livin' and a treat me like a fool
My defiant dame
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
And when the back door hits you
Now whaddya say?
Yesterday was such an easy game for you to play
A better way ooo-oooh of, of passing the time
Let's 
Too much temptation, 'nuff to kill a generation
Soon you'll see my silhouette a-darkening your door
Yeah, we're all fast breakers comin' outta the gates
Now it's about time
I'm supposed to feel that's fine
But it's my turn at a try
They found a dirty-faced kid in a garbage can, uh ha
San Francisco way Ooh-ooh-ooh
So if you're lookin' for adventure
So ante up or let 'em go
She decides and you agree: she's leavin'
Now if love is blind why did her stockings
Now take the traveler and the tourist
Stand yp, stand up
And we can rock all night
Said, "Keep my husband away from me...
payment
Turn your cheek a little,
My resistence fails tempations got
But they don't know and they can't see
You're comin' up now
Everything turns out all right
We'll be fighting in 
Fresh from out of town
You know it's more than just an aggravation
I'll probably
Oooh ooh ooh Honey I ain't through with you
Give me your heart
Uh, come on!
Honey 'cause It's Showtime!
Pianoman, in the mood for a melody
Oooh-oooh
Your page or mine...
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Pretty woman, don't walk on by
Maybe in your dreams
This is Mean Street You go an' hunt somebody down
Another page is turned
Can I reach it now
Dance oh the night away. Hey, hey, yeah!
All you do is use me babe
I live my life like there's no tomorrow
Makes my heart sing
That's one of the reasons that I was outta place
I'm just Radar
 do it
You wonder why your life is screaming
But no prob bob and murphy
So how's that I'm always winding up
Oh, come on and take me back
Of the evening go by
That's what the preacher man said.
Hey, we're already gone.
Can't help myself , bad habits
There would come a day when 
Yeah! A-hey, hey, hey!
Take me where history unfolds!
Wave on, wave on
And she said:
Greatest thing you've ever seen
I'm in your beds. Your beds
Until sunup
Go for the action, with no distractions yeah
Can't control your future,
My toes
One time boys!
I am the ruler of these netherworlds
God damn it lady. You know I ain't lyin' to ya
It makes her radiant
 that I ain't lucky
No truer words have ever been said
My love life was a darn disgrace
Yea-yeah!
Pretty woman, look my way
But still lookin' alright, yeah
Ahh Never bad enough to crucify me.
Humans, Humans Being
 your bags."
Don't 
Down here at land's edge
They both were trouble
Sometimes you win sometimes you lose
Uh well, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble
Cuz I ain't got nobody
Perhaps you know my name...
Ooh I need your lovin', come on baby, take me home
I'm melting
Hey, come on man. Wake up
 out now though, Dave's got somethin' for you
An' wind's in your beer can
Oh yea
Same amount, in n' out
Ah you, just tell him anything
sea to shining sea.
Gotta, gotta, gotta work it out
More impressive still
Now lose the dress, keep the 
Is only a heartbeat away
I tell you honey now you've let 
Good God y'all
But you only like it rough
Dial 1-900-SPANKED!
You will feel my voice
A corvette stingray, I do it my way
Yeah they always try to nail ya
the master
where we can sweat it all out and laugh."
To make me feel almost guilty
That we belong together
Oh, I know you wanna touch
Is too hard to swallow
In the absence, there's a presence in my heart
Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin' Now Jamie wouldn't say all right
 what we'll find?
It should mean a little, a little more Ahh-ahh
I ain't got nobody
Just when I'm gettin' kinda used to the taste
I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble, ah!
Uh-know what I want
A hot dog and a shake
Flat stone cold lied to
My wicked wicked ways
I've parked my speedboat next to some
cowboy
I been dreamin' 'bout tomorrow
each time that I find myself flat on my face
'Cause that's what love is made of
Ah-ah. Summer nights
Your magic free
I'm your ice cream man baby, stop me when I'm passin' by
Can't survive and think to win
Don't show 'em where it's hid.
Call me 40 Below
I'm coming straight for your heart
Hey, hey, hey!
Hours and hours
Don't wanna be no uptown fool
People try to blame me,
Deadman, living for tomorrow
No dolphin needs to tell me
I say, "No one moves...
And you must never wait...,
So this is love?
Dance the night away
Will make me sick or poor or fat
 route
Have you ever really touched
And I'm seein' what no one else will ever know
Into a world so far from home
You got it tough, I've seen the toughest around
Mother Nature piss her pants and when
Cuz I ain't so bad
Satin Doll
Fooled me with her style and ease
Good enough, ta
No big t'ing
Come on baby, show your love
Get it on,
No doubt!
I'm tryin to hear from the mildew
I'm talkin' 'bout the Yankee Rose.
I'm hot for teacher!
It takes up all your time
Please don't think about the time going by
Price of an education
'Cause it's 3-6-9 time
I said, "Don't get smart with an angel, babe
Maybe enough ain't enough for you
Ain't even worth a song
Then you say you won't
`cause this band is tight
Hey, all depends how ya see it
The gypsy said the problem with you
Hey fool, wise up, better late than never
make it bump and grind.
All band members rambling together
Searchin' everywhere, you turn and swear Ahh-ahh-ahh
Excedrin Headache #65
Now I've got 
'Cause the ice-man's comin'
Hey hey hey!
The moon's on the rise
Before you hear what I have to say
One shot for the real go-getter
Took a dozen lawyers
Splash that holy water on me
And my mind goes hot to cool
No starving kid to make the case
Sting like a B-52
I don't mind, I don't mind,
I'll bear that same old cross same ol' cross
He buddy, take a number
Least likely to succeed
Salesman, try and sell you his soul
Oh Takers need a giver, this much you understand
Or hang around to be born again
No Oh this ain't television, but it's more than it seems
Available
Knucklebones
And if you think that violence
 between the stage and the welfare door
, push it in, uh!
Will you ever be the same?
Sail away with someone's daughter
Just as long as you are there
I heard 
They're dancin' in Chicago They'll be dancin'
Uh, that's for sure
Here's one for hte road
Was from a helicopter
Photographs
But I'm gonna wave my freak flag high, high.
Not so easy to find, no-oh
Do exist
Over there. nobody, got no one, nobody
And it's compulsory.
Go see baby now-ah!
She came from Dallas
Been standin' still. With more time to kill
 plan.
I can feel it, the
Sideways
Hey baby can I be excused, I can't take no more
Oh, oh, Oh! 
Now, I don't care if you're John Lennon, baby, I just
Well, i may not be the best lookin'
An nothin' 
Well, i can't dance
An' lil Jack frost
Used to be I couldn't sleep at night, baby
So it must have been two other people
Dead or alive, ow-ow!
Yeah! All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh
Oh, wham bam, oh Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
You gotta get right back to where we started from
And I think I like, I think I like, I like what I see
I had some crazy vision, one I can't deny it
I found a lover ain't afraid of the dark
How did you know that golden rule?
Straight from the heart, oh tell
Mmmm, I'm a tell ya now
When you hear that curtain call
But I know that someday, somehow, you'll learn to love.
From broadway to cheyenne
But get it in writing.
You know I'm beggin' you baby
Over there, over there!
To the California coast
Makes me scream
Oooh-oooh You were, the little dreamer. Yeah-yeah!
Giant butt
I was a face in the mob
While she's out doin' Yankee doodie
Grow it long, shave it off
Or you can fake it
I felt no pain
(pre-chorus)
Like watching someone reinvent
Purple mountain's majesty really talk to me
And on 
history
To make 
Well, I think I know who
Win or lose Oooh
Yeah, I figured I was gonna go down
If you think the moment's right
It's 8:05, it's time to rock
Is this flash infatuation
Just play the song,
No prob, we'll fix it in the mix
She'll be gone tomorrow like the silent 
One by one, little 
Baby, PLEASE!! Little ain't enough, aw yeah, Wow!
Lookin' good through the window
She wouldn't have heard
Just to get to Carnegie
You've got to give
 of great things
Do it right here and now
Gonna drive on by
Pretty woman, the kind I'd like to meet
Here today, gone late today
In my imagination
Same amount, woo! In 'n out
Wow! I'm gone! Ooh yeah! Oh!
Gonna wave at you
The matter of the real fact is
By the seat of my pants
Baby, don't get uptight
Constitution take a bow for the new revolution smile and grin at the change all
Ow, come back to your senses baby, we can come to terms
 words that you legislate
Oo, I feel romantic.
Uh! Ouch!
You be Barbie Doll
Tell me you won't go, you won't go
For in the end, there will be equality
Top Jimmy, he's the king!
Hey, Gonna make her feel nice So nice
Feelin' so cold
Ow, hold on
Yeah, yeah, livin' with the aftershock
banana
Oh, baby please, I can't take it anymore
They said our love was out of sight,
, the circus just left town
Once believed, can't ever lose faith
Whoa, the Hammerhead Shark
Yeah! Got to, got to bleed, baby
'cause that big ol' world keeps spinnin' 'round.
Oh Jimmy
Cookin' up that old time, long lost 
Here come one more drop in the the bucket
It's like you been here before
Shake it up, bake it up nice, uh!
Wanting my pie in the sky
Pointing their plastic finger at me.
I'm your wave-toss guy
Crank it! Blow out!
night stands
I think I heard an angel sigh
If I'm wrong, then I'll pay for it
Top Jimmy,
He's got the sound that everybody digs!
It's on my back but it ain't my monkey, no! Oh yeah
Is too good to be true...
Noone's pitchin' 
start all over again
If it ain't the real thing
 fumblin'
And you can analyze this situation
Take it from me baby
An' when I need somp'in to soothe my soul
I never seen a woman move so slow
They say you only live twice
So get on, outta the way
Senorita I'm in trouble again and I can't 
Uh uh uh
I don't, I don't, I don't. Whaa-ha!
Change
I wanna be there with you
Or honey, give it up
Lost my soul when I walked out on you
And if it don't come easily
She's red She's wild In overdrive
Is they are to life
De chimichanga
Mmm baby, make up your mind Make up your mind
Yeah yeah yeah...
The flavor of the month is you
Lord, a lot a' pride
People know the bar I'm playing
All right!
Thug Pop. Thug Pop.
headed your way
I'll give you bright red cheeks
They sent the sheriff down to try an' drive us away
This is the atom age
I'm a broadway bullet
Yeah, got to try, try
Be your own best friend
Oh baby, you know that I like it
Loss of 
I'm sure that there were times, life could be unkind
First you're up
For starters you could buy me a drink...
Wiseman, following a star
And I see the same old faces and I hear that same old talk
Sexy dragon magic
Of the North Star calling
An' he's unemployed Unemployed? Ow!
Yeah, I barely survived
Take one good look
No more tell you woman
Oh yeah, let's get it on,
I know the law, friend
but honey tell me can you tell that story twice?
Babe, it's rotten to the core
With my hot pursuits
You give every inch
Thought you'd never miss me till I got a fat city address
That's life, That's Life
And the next best thing was me
Feel it. Can you feel it?
Back to the cutest girls in the world
Show, show your love babe
She put the cream in my coffee first thing in the morning
 up your mind Make up your mind
I'm double- parked
Some say three parts dirt
Yeah, don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown
Ooh Ya got to have it quick Got to have it quick
And I said "Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does"
Cuz I gotta be kept
But all this here can't be worth my piece of the pie
Now they're pushing strollers
Woop! Woop! Woop!
Fools, Oh oh I live with fools. Whoa! Yeah
So the lone ranger rides again
I've got it bad, so bad
Guitar Solo
Don't make sense
Yeah, the Hammerhead Shark
Well you bring ultra-new
Ow! Yeah Girl Girl, ooh, ooh, ooh
 Solo
We were sittin' ducks for the police man
 selling each romance
Don't give up
God only knows
Philadelphia, P.A.
Unspoiled by progress
, it don't let you pass
Gimme everything I need
Today I am a star and broke
Not now, 
Dance Dance the night away
Oh yeah, people,
Kid'll land on his feet
We take a chance with new beginnings
When the moon is full
Til patience Ahh-ahh-ahh runs her course?
Isn't that what people say?
Woman, all you want is good as it can get. Ah yeah
Produce me daddy,
I got me my apolitical blues
Or it won't feel right
I never tried to kiss
Those eyes burn holes
I'm Learning To See!!!
Potential lovers, new worlds to discover
Last Call
A little atom contained within
Oh! How does it feel when it's love?
Don't you trust me trust me
Falls between the cracks
When we say our goodbyes
Woo, come here, honey. Come here, come here, come here
Why's he do it?
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
Yeah-yeah-ow!
It ain't goin' away
Just pay my accountant
Has got so many , bad habits
I got no time to mess around
To tell, or not the truth yeah
Cut, and that's the take
Well, just plain, clean, and simple
infatuation
Oooooohhhhh yeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
Kind of creature
How many
Ah-hah!
I think I hear freedom drummin'
Girl Girl, you really got me now
So baby dry your eyes
They said he used to sleep the sleep of the just
But it's the only song I know
Oscar, Grammy, triple whammy
What a 
An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Oh! Ow!
The less you fall down
get me while I'm hot.
He made her feel so sad
Got a lotta things on my mind
You've got to give to live
If you know what you want,
I got a fast car, go cruisin' down the highway
This time we got it right! yeah
It all just kinda happened
Baby make the best of what you have in hand. Oh yeah
make it work
Baby, let me run
I'm a spark on the horizon
By the time mine usually do
 it cool,
Reach out for me
Says it's a sex problem
Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh-uh-Wow!
Or what was he worth
Say live and let live, so quick to judge
Hey, is Greg back yet?
Oh yeah
Go on and say yes, and really mean no
We outta space!
This dream is over Ooo-ooo-ooo
Ahhrrrr!
Fall mountains, just don't fall on me
There's a star upon your door
It's like Peter Pan an' Tinkerbell
Yeah, hot damn, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
Uncle Danny had a gold tattoo
And he don't come home for half the week
Pretty woman, yeah yeah yeah
If that's the way it must be, okay
Sweet music sweet sweet music
Yeah! I'm walkin', don't need no ride No explanation, just wastin' time, yeah. All my time
An armed assailant
You know you gotta pay
There ain't no doubt!
Get the riot squad
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Gimme some o' that
Experience, Do I understand
You do the Dogtown Shuffle
Ah-wow- yeh
Get-get-get-get-get out and push All right you sinners, swing!
Leave your name and number
Once first, once can't ever be not everlast
Uh I don't wanna, I'll do what I please
And accompany me, to the ends of the earth, ah yeah
Right cuz I'm without me
They keep their boyfriends warm at night
Aaahhh!
I'm usually passin' by just around eleven o'clock
So come on baby
They told me it was Chairman Mao-uh
Well, up for grabs, up for grabs, up for grabs, I am up for grabs.
And we just rock on from there?
To get a goddamn beer
Lookin' for a 
The fact from the fancy
Ah ah You're gonna hear the angels sing, they'll say
problems
Whh'll hold the horses
You would think I really have it made now
They took a chance
Peace, love and harmony
On the inside
So autobiographic!
And I know, baby, just how you feel
Mmmmmmmmmmm...
Sucker Sucker, all dressed up in a 3 piece suit
Oooh-ooo-ooh
Miles and miles from nowhere
With the conviction of the unseen
I'm the one, the one you love
 'n clear
Tellin' me there's 
You want it straight from the heart oh, tell
Teacher don't you see?
Shake them poor boys down
Hey! Got to, got to bleed baby
I've been lied to, from town to town
This could damage your reputation
I'm falling
Don't mess around
the show
Ya feel the winds of chang
I don't know what it's like
Aw, but uh, she just lookin' good
But you I never fool
I-I just don't wanna talk
You'll lose her in that turn
Bop ba da, shoo-be do-wah
If the world loves a bad guy
I wish i may i wish i might
 to scare me
Can ya feel the geat
So pretty when her rockets glare,
Papers and smile at the sky though I know that the hypnotized never lie do ya?
Ahh-ahh And when it's over
When they gotcha comin' in, when they gotcha goin' out
Relentless
 poppin', ain't no stoppin' now
Told ya I was comin' back...
There's something that's left behind. uh huh
Under darken skies
I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna
The saints and the sinners
It's alright!
Just when you get
Freedom, never had no room for cowards
Speak in cherry red
So come on Ah every guy, grab a girl, everywhere, 'round the world
Would you wanna know me
Uh, harder the better
Ah yeah! Beautiful girls
Ooh, I could say
Till my personality starts improving
Oh! Gotcha comin' in for the same amount, goin' out
I just wanna hear you say
And try an' ease your situation
My stomch's makin' noise
Memory filling, filling this empty room
Show me!
No, no, no, no don't take 'em off. Don't take...leave 'em on
Is it right, uh, to take the easy way?
Got to know why can't this
Ah, ha-ha!
Is everybody ready? Let's go!
See ya in the funny papers
Dramatic
I'd just roll myself up in a big ball and fly.
But you don't want to hear me
Oh-ooh somebody tell me
I made up my mind,
This is ultra-glide
Ah We'll be comin' back, don't come running to me
You're just some lonely man
Get in my pick-up
So shake it slowly
Ah, y-well, Big Bad Bill don't fight anymore No, he don't
You came here for some love and war
'Cuz I swear I've been there with you
I got puddin' pie, banana dixie cups
Maybe i need therapy
Many times
They say two fools born a minute
An' I'm cold, yeah
Somethin', that's mine all mine all mine
Wake me up
that's what all the people say.
Blasting out the night, his cap hides his eyes
Least now I know it's no big t'ing
Cinderella, waiting for her charming
I tell you honey you're the prettiest girl I know, yes
 magic
Give it up, honey, can't race the wind
Now I've seen everything
An' honey I know what it's worth
Never even wonder
You've got Jesus in the west
I pick myself up and get back in the race.
Ow! Get up. Get up and make it work
Just for leavin'is coming home
Woo! Wham bam, oh Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
It's a long hard way but I'm a-comin'
And I'm under a spell
Oh, oh, oh, she get crazy
We'll make it last forever
Yes I knew
Woo, come on!
Judge I found a lover ain't afraid of the dark
This dream is over. Over, yeah Dream another dream
She said,
Yeah, yeah ow ow!
An' if I ask you not to try, oh could you let it be?
But even this I have to say
Don't have a heartattack
 in the sticks
Tell me, is it enough? Wow!
Walkin' 
Just take me down, down, down
Well, I've always tripped on 
And your feet on the ground
Could this be the one that got away?
You got me so I can't sleep at night
Honey, I'm in love with a Hammerhead Shark
Loopey loop, darling, darling
Now deep inside of me
I'm just a red-blooded heterosexual
Ow! Feels so good
Where the East begins,
And then you change your mind
Don't need to talk about love
I'm sorry babe
Tell me baby please,
Alright, 'cos I got my own world to look through,
Cos the next best thing was nothin' much
There's no need to be denied
One kiss of my lips and a storm begins
But not your sorrows
control
Goin' crazy,
'Cause I've got more bad habits
I been all around this great big world
Yes, I'm searchin'
Wow! Before they hit the lights
I caught a cold
 is all that it takes
And softly she will speak the stars
When Baby?
Oh yeah!
Lost inside my pleasure dome
To get half back
Strawman, don't have a leg to stand on
Only thing that's on my mind
All the other girls, they be put to shame
Well, I can feel it inside of me
Whoo! Gimmee. Ah!
She dressed like Texas
Uh! Uh! Come on, one more time
And we're punpi' thunder
Bad for the rock, bad for the roll
And now I'm gonna lose it 'cause that son of a bitch
More than I had planned
And served it up with class
Since you put it that way
How fast you're willin'
I want some too Oh yeah
It's gettin' late I don't know
You know you're semi-good lookin'
It is Ah, yeah.
So what you're saying could be true
You ain't the girl next door
Teach you your final love lesson
And a twelve room uptown shack
No man need defend
Ready for the top!
So come on baby, please
No Stormy Monday waits for you
Got a pocket full o' 
Now I don't mind some danger
What do you think the teacher's gonna look like this year?
Right now baby, I don't really wanna see your face
Now they believe it
I can hear you softly cry
Oh, yeah!
So many things I didn't tell you
we have a winner for the big first prize.
A bad man on the run
The essential difference is
Ah-ah Well that's all we need, baby. Don'tcha know?
Goes to workin'
I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by
Been a puppet, poet, pirate, pauper; now I'm a king.
With a serious pedigree
Wash it out with soap. Yeah!
That number is forever like the struggle here to win
Pretty woman, don't make me cry
When she should have been with me
First, don't sweat that little shit
All about yours truly
Oh-oh, oh-oh!
Only it was Chairman Mao
A Little bit of luck
You can't imagine
Let's take a walk down Easy 
When ever you're down
And you know it's true
Out of my
I wanted love but cupid missed me
But you turn your eyes from me
When the fire burns
Quiet contemplation
aggravation
And right down to the nick o' time
You got somethin' that just blows my top
Live this life of luxury
Round and round She got the hook
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on all that
Now her name is up in lights Woo!
Don't let this get around Hey! Somebody get me a cheeseburger!
search
Yeah you're leanin' back an' yeah, a foot tappin'
And I traveled to the South.
Got no faith, got no 
Oh baby, we belong in a world that must be strong
And I'm speedin', down that line
Yeah, they talk about you cold when you were
Cuz that light at the end of the tunnel
Once whoa-oh really, really touched?
Oh, little darlin'
I felt the settin' sun on my kingdom come
La-la-la-la
You got to roll with the punches and get to what's real
I know you're in love Oh, women in love
So when we face, face the adversary
Big train when ya' don't know what you're doin'
Alimony!
Ooh, everybody wants some!
Now he gotta see that sweet woman every night
Before he admits he's lost
You can feel it right down
I'm dyin'
I'm making history
Join the family
Hey! I barely survived
Ooh la la!
Gonna drive on through
Oh, oh. Oh!
Every day down here's a rainy day
Be sure you're hurting long before you fly 'cause, you've got me
Ooo-ooo
Hey Sammy, I found a hat and a pair of shoes. Are they yours?
Big river
Back again, yeah
Were the pretty little kids who didn't want it, no
Looking back in anger, the city is relieved
A live wire, barely a 
Just liked barbed wire
Still I struggled on
I feel good So good
Well all right Big Money Oh, big big money Big Money
And it's kickin'
It's all happening downtown
Whispering, In my dreams
Is this the one that got away?
 there ain't no batters
 will pass away
She be headed where the thunder rolls
Well I tried to send a message
Shu ba da du ma ma ma ma
It's really true how nothin' matters
I bet if you asked them our heroes would say,
Yeah Give it here man. Over here
Do i detect
Got drunk and fell into the water.
But not all of yours
all I had was hangin' on my back.
And make a wish.
Arr-heah!
This ain't groovy, this ain't funky
I'm learning To See
No borderline in the sand I'd trace
You'll get it
I think it's time...
It seeems like the harder I work, the more my body needs. Wow!
I don't know. Did you tell me?
All right
Waitin' for love to set me free
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
 to turn
I'm always a sucker for a real good time
There ain't much distance 'tween a pat on the back
Jump on daddy's speakers
Everyday I watch the tide roll in
Wetter the better!
Now trouble seems to fit him like a glove
Pictures on the silver screen
Hey man, everything's all right. Yeah.
'Cause my heart will always be, yours honestly
And I'll ride out towards the outer maze
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! That's what's comin' down
Ow! Forgive me father, for I have sinned
We'll slide right off
You're no good, no good, no good Ah-no!
Shake it baby
Strong magic comin' on
Where the guave worm, well he's mine all mine
, yeah yeah
Try to do it like the good book said
God must love the lazy
 grow cold, no
I'm a skyscraper.
Oooh We gotta try a little dance
"Gentlemen, our honor has been betrayed!
By the time I could teach him
He'd be far too old!"
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. I want some o' that
Goin' to the ocean
Hey Ray, what you said is true, oh
Give me something to write on, man!
I wish they all could be California
Are you online?
I'm telling you
The big policeman wasn't laughing, didn't blink an eye,
A line behind me...
your eyes
stompin' on a dream.
Thinkin' 'bout you and me
Yeah, you got to try
When there's only one under the sun
Burn that schoolhouse down
Well here come faster rats!
(relax if you try)
Won't make me a prince
Vision of light, child of the night passing by
I just pulled up
This is Last Call
She's as strong as the mountains, walks tall as the trees
I'm a real good loser
Hey, Feels so good So good Woo!
Spent a year there last night
Well, that's the trouble with self-improvement
Hey, you're both a bunch of suckers!
All my flavors are guaranteed......to satis-uh-fy
I need everything this life can give me. Hey-hey yeah
Ooh-oo-ooh
Two, three, four
Don't bother knockin' 'cause you know damn well.
This must be just like livin' in paradise
Say hello to my best friend
I don't wanna
Whoa-oh-oh!
See I was born without a silver spoon But I'm gonna make a stir
Good to 
No, nothing could be further
Fools, Oh! I live with fools. Live with fools
 your back
but kept the boots
A goodman, he's hard to find
 like this year?
I ain't drownin' just waving
Make it anyway
No sad songs tonight, something's in the air.
Pass the local 
When you were last mine
Baby, I could let it slide
Ooh-oo-ooh It's just an invitation, 'cross the nation
So sit back and get all comfortable
Got the first step down
A million ways, I've been thinking of
This is not a test
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on some o' that
Sweet 'n' sour, filiblister
Lost, inside my pleasure dome
Big, time! big time!
Stay Frosty!
Santa Fe to the mid-Atlantic
Welcome to China Town
Whoa, got to turn. Come on, turn this thing around
Gimme everything I want
Put the stone behind, he said
Sucker Sucker yeah, in a 3 piece suit
Do you believe?
But when she leaves, where she goes?
Shiverin' a-shakin'
With some 
Got a feelin' all in my head
I'd keep it just the same
 of infection
She can't say no
Mmm, you got to, got to bleed, baby
I'm goin' coconuts but least I'm goin' my way,
To believe in a miracle
I heard somebody cheer
Come-a, come-a, come-a, come on baby
What are ya waitin' for? Oh! Yeah!
Get up!
I've seen the damage done
But there's exceptions to the rule
Entered her plea
Ow! Uh!
But that was make-believe
Some say money is bad for the soul
A-from the day my mama told me "Boy, you pack your bags."
And "X" did mark the spot
Hey! With more time to kill
Got creamer on the table first thing in the morning
I may burn my fingers, want my iron in that fire
Now show biz is so thrilling
Give me one to go
He got a hat full of sugar; folks said, "You a lucky man."
It's so hard to tell
It said, "The only thing you know for certain
But can you walk the walk?
Give it to me now
Uh, I like it
Delusions of eloquence
 from above
Campaign promises falling short
Now ya don't
Oh, baby
It's all from havin' someone knowin'
mirror
 on over
A little thick in the bottom
French-fryin'
Pretty woman, stop awhile
It's only one for me
Mmm babe I know you're in love Women in love
Starting up all in my feet
in the middle of Tobacco Road.
And it puts me through the roof, and yeah!
A-from the day my mama told me "Boy, you 
Count to three and I'll be ready
The song
And she knows what love is for Ahh-ahh
Now I'm believing half the reason
Once seen, can't ever lose sight
Baby need love
Stop lying baby
Rock on. Rock on. Rock on
I really dig those styles they wear
Got an open mind, do anything
As fine as you are
All dressed up and
God is love
I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble. Oh, yeah!
Nobody gets hurt!"
Hey, let's blow it out here now man, alright?
If he don't land on his seat
Turn your cheek a little ohhh,
Mercedes benz
Before you send me away
It makes you cry
Ah yeah
Now I'm ahead of the game
. Ow! Bottoms up! Ow!
She got. She got. Ah
It's just a joke and you're the punchline
No talk, no action. I got no distractions
Ta-too!
I think ya better get it all ready girl
I'm on fire Ow!
And it ain't goin' away without a fight
Come on baby
You look at every face in a crowd
Lyrics for "Let It All Hang Out" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
So I, I told the fellas out behind the bar
street
At a flick of the switch...
That's a 
Happy trails to you
I don't wanna hear about it later Take it then baby
Someone's leavin'
Hey baby, woo! 
I heard the wind a-whisp'rin'
personality
She's good enough ta
Mama please
Mash whiskey in another paper cup
Come on, take me back
Just about time yeah!
(Time to tell the truth)
Well I can rock with anyone
Come on!
One more 
Shake it slowly,
Give to live
Could this be magic? Or could this be love?
Whisper in my ear, 
Right from the apple
I'm sure he thinks that's cool
Love is only to 
Till you come back to me.
I am guilty, I do use it
Ow! Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-woo!
I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you, oh no
And I don't wanna hear what love can do
Well I, I always heard it said
for your inner ear
All you ever wanted was to tap dance, run away
Talk about the high cost of lovin'
How about you?
Put out an APB on the Hammerhead Shark!"
Once, once felt, once felt
My quiet contemplation
Little by little gonna get it I swear
Down in Cabo
Didn't that 
We burnt the city down here
Its so easy to relax if you try
I's the feeling we're under
'cause any moon or mouse says he's a friend of hers
Fools, I live with fools
Have you ever really touched love once?
So if you gonna wear my t-shirt
Three dollars, first minute gosh, man! After that, cost ya four
To tie him up and make him Tell the Truth
You wanna feel 100 
Come on get up make it work Make it work
Facebook page
This is home Turns you from hunted into hunter Yeah
I'm goin' crazy,
No I ain't bitchin' 'bout the things you been puttin' down
 of the storm. Whoa, yes
Summer's here, and the time is right
My engine searching
I can't stop going out and having fun
Are the ones i missed
Come um-um-um-um-on baby, bottoms up
Don't ya trust me?
Get up, get up, get up, get up So nice
Oo, I wanna let you know.
You can always have trust in me
Well, here's the shot heard 'round the world.
Shuttin' down, I gotta stop this thing
If you decide to take the long walk
I'd wait for her parade
'Cause stayin' 'round here takes patience
Ooh, slip n' 
The backside
Ooh I need your lovin', I'm just skin an' bone
Check it out, without a doubt
'Cause at the end of the day you could just walk away,
All you bad bad bad...
I wandered out west
Ah! Uh! Uh!
Lift me up
Lemme show you
Man, what kinda crap is this?
Oh by the way, what's your sign?
Sometimes it rains right on your...
Honey baby my heart's aflame
Oh baby!
Pistons
Oh, come on, take me back
All the time!!
I made up my mind
Right now Come on, it's everything
N' all I nee-nee-need is 
And maybe there's a way
I can barely see the road from the heat comin' off
how to find
Ah-ow!
Teacher needs to see me after school
Grab me some a-that big fat money
Or you can take your time
which way
And I know not what it's like
I see ya shake and shimmy
Hey, baby. Woo!
Want! Want! Yeah! Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah!
One night he just disappeared
You got all the right moves
Now ya gotta run to get even
And I can't deny it,
She's a real state of independents.
 can this go on
Hurts my head
Have you ever really studied dancing
Bad for damn near everything, oh yeah!
Some shine and some keep you guessin'
Which the traveler can't expect
So dig on my refrigeration
and they were two of a kind.
The pages come alive
Is it right, to take the easy way?
 repeats her hour
And I'll give you the stars
I will tonight
Such good photography
Woooo-ooooo
Panama, Panama
I'm the livin' proof
I've heard a story
A hot dog nad a shake
Right on time, you will arrive
This jungleness badboy sufferer
Since we were 
winners
Hurry, hurry, baby,
And I know it too
Overloaded, down the drain
Of fascinating fun
Silly rabbit, you know just what it takes
Panama
Somethin' starts a barkin'
You say you don't know, you won't know until you begin
Rich was better, totally better
Let's slip away
Got politicians smokin' crack
Take me down Take me down
Yeah, in my 
the dumpster when you're through,
Mama look out for down below
Ah come on! Take a chance
And though I wasn't true to ya, baby don't get me wrong
And that's all right (all right)
With absolute uncertainty
When you reach out to touch somebody, baby
Gotcha comin' in for the same amount, goin' out!
No more! No more! Ahhh!
Seeing as how
Hello - Goodbye
Well now, none of this was planned
, I'm there. Yeah
Needed a girl to call my one and only
Might as well jump
 on a cool summer night
Go ahead and jump
And point where I used to go to school
Yeah ya know that you're headed for a lotta trouble
Destination is on the floor, give it up just a little bit more
Gotta keep things moving
Everyday I 
Well, then, how 'bout the doubt
And do you really, really drive this way
I said, "It ain't gonna change without a fight, no"
Baby 'cause It's Showtime!
Ohh, now! Black is white and white is black, ah!
Don't let this get around to the outside. Please, please, please
Livin' with the aftershock
Now everybody's suffered
And the radar locks on you
I'd rather leave that to your so-called intellectual
Really want that soul, little loving soul all the time
Take it off! Take it all off!
Just a little lovin' is all I need from you
Quit complainin', where's my agent?
Who knows
Spine snap crackie and pops, pal
New rayban shades but I'm a heartache on parade now
Show! Show your love babe
And I ain't gonna copy you.
Same ol' pickup lines Same ol' pickup lines
With a Philly's blunt
Yeah, yeah yeah
I think it's perfect timing
If I cannot see you from afar
Feelin' like somethin's gonna blow
Let's give it all we got
Whoa, yeah!
She's the woman
Ahh She get crazy if she can't go
That's right
You said you loved me only
He'd be far too old!
Ooh yeah, you think you're really cookin' baby
Woo! Hot damn, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
 of my car
Over the edge and here I stay
Hurt me
Ah, that's why I said
Get it ready
'cause you know it's coming at you
(You're Breathin' Him...)
It's 2 a.m. the traffic's slow
She comes like the secret wind
And felt the settin' sun on my kingdom come
Rinse cup, and spit again
Homegrown, way down-home. Yeah!
Well, you ain't been livin'
There is just enough Christ in me
So many things can get you high
Baby please, I can't take it anymore
Shuffling down
Big, big, big, big time!
Oooh Come on, crash on the beach
Yeah, I'm rolling slowly
Through my eyes
Don't piss me off, don't cool me down
the test
 down, hit the road
 of the hill
She'll 
Lost the rest at land's edge"
Somebody get me a doctor Ooh!
Don't worry bout the future
But who returns once again to squeeze you
That's the trouble with war
I'm bleedin'
Broke a heart for someone like you
Sittin' around just gettin' high
Baby, how 'bout you?
Oh-oh! Mmm-hmm!
Drive my 
And if I had one wish I, uh, I'd take it
When she asked me to dance
When I see you, all your little guitars sing to me
I pay for the rest of your life
Wow, We outta space
`Cause this little tunes six fuckin' hours long
You put a spell on meeeee!
And I'm cold
I'm on easy, easy 
Aw, play it boys
And she be up for negotiations, mmm hmmm
I do not refuse it
Feelin' better 
Tongue tied in a tangled web
Somebody give me a shot!
just in front of the wheels
Oh, why?
In this old town
Best part of a man, woo
Love of the craft
They gonna ask ya
They said he sang so good that the roof fell in
Yes I am
Time was on our side, we had everything to gain
I'm on fire Ah!
Hey you, wake up, get yourself together
Watching the girls
I've had a million fantasies
Try it once but easy does it!
Squeeze some honey on my biscuit honey to my melon
An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh! Uh!
Blue, Wow! it makes me blue
 on Hawaii island
Sing on Brother, play on drummer
You know I'm in a hurry
Well, that's a constant unemployment line
Tattoo, tattoo
An' he's unemployed. His folks are overjoyed
Round and round Yeow!
I'm in love with the Yankee Rose.
Woman you suffer from a color
We was makin' something of it
Changed, ain't nothin' stays the same
Stay and add it up or throw yourself out a window. Oh!
You look like 17 child goin' on 29"
Served hot right from the rhythm kitchen.
Oh, come this way, babe
I wouldn't know what to choose
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
"Jerry ain't the lovin' that you're makin' buddy
I told him
You Never Know
Want some advice
I'll keep the motor runnin'
You got my engines hummin'
I stand corrected baby
Playin' hide in your hole
suggestions
choices
Your Kodak moment's comin'
 honey
I'll make 
Right up your driveway
And now I'm really runnin'
I'm on cruise control
You make the 
I'm hearin' voices honey
There go them hula girls again...(ahhh)
You Never Know
Well, Hey, You Never Know
You never, I said you never, never
And if they're sayin' that we're crazy
I should know
Can't seem to sew
Lord, I've tried
A single hole in my pocket
Yeah, money talks
And I know that money can't buy love
Mine always says, Goodbye"""
When nothin's simple, then nothin's learned
Ooh, all mine
On the nose
oo, from the heat.
Bad for the heart, bad for the brain
You've got me captured
And no matter Ooo-ooo-ooo what you say or do
Well here's a little trick that'll never fail ya
Lights, camera, action!
Start walkin'
So I got her on the rocks
Famous people on there with him
You know that it is
Oooh Make love in the sea oooh
looking for trouble,
I'm only gonna tell you one time-ya!
Now that's a switch
You really got me Oh!
What you doing tonight?
Give you everything you need
I'll prob'bly be here when that sun goes down.
Heat wave blast, kids are screamin'
Trampstamp cat
I'm not up here often
I'm in your heads! Ah-ha!
Can't do without 'em, no!
I got me a chance
You can try me at home, if it feels all right
You can have it now but ya gotta pay for it later. Oh!
bikini
I, I, I, ain't got nobody
A smokin' mountain got to blow
All right boys!
Never say die
Angel Faces
Lord, I can't repeat
For the time of your life
Put one and one together and it blowed my mind
Don't you know she's coming home with me
dragon
Get up and make it work Make it work
Oh! Oh yeah!
Second flash, you're out of sight yeah, so get up!
Nice white teeth; Betty Boop
 dancing on the pier last night?
You red hot Florida trailer trash
Got nobody, no, nobody, nobody
Lemme get on some o' that
Look at all that money, baby
Ah, now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool
 it ain't hip enough now
Hey-hey-yeah!
I so love my baby's poundcake
Oooh We don't have to chase it
And I say rock on. Uh! Rock on
Ah ah ah!
'Cause It's Showtime!
Stronger than Sampson I declare
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground, woo!
Up in New York City Dancing in the streets
An empty heart takes so little to fill it's so much
Hit it!
Another world, some other time
Fire...
Wa-ahahahah
Now wait a minute
Hey, it ain't gonna change overnight, no
Whoa, oh, ohh. That's right. Yeah yeah-yeah. Woo!
Hold your head up high, look 'em in the eye
How do I know when it's love?
To go into a curve
And that's all night
And a couple fly
I need a classy woman
Yeah, yeah the one I want want
Ain't talkin' bout love
I can't tell you but it lasts forever
Well, she can take me for a little ride
Daddy's home
But there's only one way
I'll bear the cross, on, Judgement Day, hey
Next war
And when it all was over
Oh, that's what dreams are made of
Chase each other round the room some, girl
A woman went to court
Don't give up,
To love somebody naturally
And it ain't gonna change overnight, no
N' I see lonely ships upon the water
I want to do that with you, babe
It's only a one night stand
Tell me you believe
Yes, he feels a strange sensation
Feelin' lost Oooh
Girl, you're sensational and this gets better yet. Ah yeah
Somethin' you feel but can't explain, oh!
Is recognize the same mistake
Yesteryear I may be gone
Time to hit the road
Trouble by the dozen
Don't tell me bout your mother
Send me a dream or two
Big, bigger, biggest
Salt shaker, little lick a lime, ahh
, was how hard we tried
Yeah yeah! Oh yeah! Whoa!
She was a dime a dozen
I know you're laughin' 'cause it's easy to tell
Big train honey are with me
Ow, ow, ow, she get crazy
Where ya been
It shouldn't cause a problem
 at this!
Have no place to go
Ah-ha, yeah! Ah-ha, yeah! Ah-hah, yeah!
Cuz I can feel the thunder
Hold on a second baby
Blue-eyed murder in a size five dress
Remember
Hey! Give it to me
You and your blues
I'm talkin' forty degrees...
Gross, not net to me
Nothin' but the truth
Ow! Don't ya trust me?
A hot 
Well, baby, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm an easy man.
Here today gone later today
With the sex-pin pulled
I'm a bad little 
She was atomic without a doubt
Yeah, come on up, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
I can't wait to feel your love, love, love, love tonight. Ah whaa!
And was singin' it
Mama's little 
Dante's inferno meets the 
Baby come on
Your ticket out of poverty
Got a new tattoo that says:
Yeah I'm believing that you needin' yo relaxation
I'll send the message in a bottle I'll send the message
That ain't down your alley, no
Sad and lonely, sad and lonely
Can't control your friends
Texas pavement
He just a sucker, he just a sucker
Ain't no 
Now, who's that babe with the fabulous shadow-ah?
Weren't so simple, no
I been thinkin' 'bout this Saturday night with you
Gotta car that's cool
I was bein' all I could be
the menu
You've got to give... to live
I'm in love with you
I sleep the sleep of the just after
Counter blast, Interstellar facial full
So why do ya sit and stay at home and
I've got it bad,
Doin' time behind these bedroom walls
At the local mini-mall
Of your breath
Don't call us, we'll call you
 citizen, zero discipline
My other apartment
Come on down, Huh! Ow! down This is to Mean Street
Is that you?
You really got me Ah-ha!
Now more than ever, you realize
Because life ain't boring
Baby, somehow you seem to glow
At the corner cafe
Seems like everything I like
Pay for every 
Just stay while the night is young
To love somebody faithfully
Unchained, and ya hit the ground running
Rock on, wow! I said...
I'm gonna fax you
A dirty water dog
On her daddy's boat and shot across the lake Yeah!
Uh, momma fill my cup up
To Tell the Truth, baby
I find your manners more important
firecrackin' on the fourth of July.
Around pick up my guitar and play just like yesterday then I'll get on my knees
But just watch that lady go
the world
Can't let that little stuff trip you up
Uh! They'll run run run you round and round
Just like any bowl of cherries
Oh Hell yeah yeah!
La-la-la-la-la
You never get what you came for
Put your high beams on
Ooh I need your lovin', I know
Only adventures that i regret
Have you ever really touched love
Ah. Ah-oh-ah. Yeah
Honey baby sweetie girl
Making it last
Oh, so full of life, so free and easy
How I'm hurtin', how I'm empty
calculated
Ah, precious sweetheart
Otherwise or professionally
Sensible shoes, cuz you're the only lover who was ever true
I suffered cause of you
Girls just love to hear
Not me!!!
I wrote a letter
Got too many things on my mind
And it was now or never
We'll go the distance
Tell me what is it we're pretendin'?
Bikinis and fast cars
We love the smell of it
Standin' there....
Pizzaman, just wanna slice
When you don't know what that means
Sure I'm on the road to ruin
Got the hand put to 
I don't think so!
'Cause I made up my mind
Uh! I said I like it
 when I was your age
Woo! Hot damn, uh, burn an Amsterdam, yeah Yeah yeah yeah
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Big train or is the rain doin sixty
Believe it. Can you believe it?
I wanna run for my money, that's all
Cherry bomb
2 a.m. and the traffic's slow
'Cause of you and your blues
So tell me why can't this be love?
But the gravy train was late as usual
Workin' so hard to make it easy
And an uzi in the cooler
Take one
 and pain inside your heart
Takin' chances. We're the crash n' burn
Wonderin' if I've done it wrong
And homegrown and down-home, that makes one
Once. Whoa-oh really, really touched?
Talk about...
It's about time
I ain't beatin', but I'm bein' eaten by money. Oh yeah
This is the crime of the century
They don't 
But she was cool
And that's just what I did.
I can shoot a gun in 
Just lie back
Lived a cat named Big Bad Bill
It makes you piss
I've been out there
And off they drove,
If I cannot touch you from afar
'Til your love comes down
She got nasty
You're never satisfied
Some call it luck, it's all the same
Must be the place
I d-d-don't wanna talk
Come-comin' back, back for more
Ain't that some shit?
When you're surfin' 40 footers
Weren't they amazed when you were really last?
Down to Cabo. Uh!
When the 
So hot! So hot! So hot!
Ah, my teachers all gave up on me
You know the cross-town bus just rolled
I'll take the fattest chance
Speak in day-glow red
is 'Hey, you never know'"
Ow! He's the king!
Sensible shoes, cuz you're the only lover that was ever true
I never sent it
We was broke and hungry on a summer day
Like the sun on my skin
Yes, he feels a strange 
Pistons poppin', ain't no stoppin' now
Baby how 'bout you? Yeah!
Best part of a man. Ah
There's a sleepy town lies South of the border
Take the stripper who lives next door
the volume
Only gonna ruin just a little bit
It's her better side
I look into your eyes and dream
For your invitation
So many things have come and torn your world apart
Oh do it, take me there
It was heaven Right here on earth
I'm a face grenade
But "Y"'s a crooked letter
Scream, go on an' scream
What's it all about?
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now Doin' the dishes
Come on, baby
will tell
Hands out to your big ass,
Ahh yeah! Baby, got ta have your love
But not for long Oooh
Tell ya what it is
Holding the intangible
Well I'm running wild
At least everything I want!
Isn't she the moon queen
Getting serious, got to see the walls
I was 
It's about time!
Uh-uuh
But one night ain't enough for me
A creature from the sea with the looks to me
Movin' up and down Up 'n down
It's what makes the world turn
Time for these bootheels to be wanderin'
Three sixty-five!
No calls! No calls
And I make contact with you
We had a love so hard to find
So baby, make up your mind Women in love
That kid was aces
All I need is a beautiful girl
In our restless hearts
Wash my eyes so I can see
Suzy, Suzy, girl, for cryin' out loud
Hey, and it's mine all mine all mine
Yeah, she opened up my eyes Seein' what I wanna see
People know the butt it's playing
Because the day might never come
Are you ready for the new sensation?
But uh, better use it up before it gets old, no
Gotta fever that's burnin', you just can't slow me down
Didn't know it, babe
Time is running out
hey hey hey hey hey
Oh yeah Yeah, you really got me now
That your the girl I want to be mine
With the right lighting you'll go far
It's still the only song I know
Show me your sweet nature
With long legs
Gives the name Tobacco Road.
 at every face in a crowd
Oh oh oh oh Nothin's missin', yeah!
Buddy, you don't got to hurry, take your time
I cant wait, I can't wait
but the shakes over you
This beats workin' baby
 the blues
Cause it's about time we lay it out on the line
And beat it out of town
Now I'm a-seaside sittin'
Girl, you really got me now
Taking me miles and miles from nowhere
Ow! Ow! Ow!
In this town that's called progress
Sayin' "I can't wait to feel your love tonight." Wooh!
Yeah! She's gotta have soul
That's why I'm up for breakfast so early in the morning
Lost in a world. Can't find my way home
Bring it or don't ring it
Is held for further questioning
But that don't mean goodnight
Read 'em and weep
Want to leave right away
No, no. That's how it is, when you tell the truth
Oh, I like it
 when that girl was prom queen? Oh, wow
When it's love
And the tourist don't know where he is
I been to the edge
I'm all conditioned, thoroughbred
I wanna hold you and say
Hot coffee first thing in the morning
They're holdin' all the cards
If you want love if you want faith,
Shine on, shine on
It's too far to drive back, baby
(spoken)
 roads must a man walk down
I'm fundamentally for the individual
Now you know this ain't no through street, the end is dead ahead
Ain't no use waitin'
Whoa! Girl Girl gone bad
One soul, one mind
And it's club 
Baby, I could let it 
In a world without end.
Oooh-oooh Little dreamer
Junk food
I got lucky boots
So what do you say we go lookin'?
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, bottoms up!
Ooo-ooo-ooo Baby, got a feelin'
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
"when I die, send the body to heaven,
The traveler don't know where he's goin'
Small world till they lose your luggage, tho'
But luckily that ain't how she sees it
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
It's gettin' late Don't know just where I've been
And I'm comin' to you from All points in between
It's gettin' late I don't know `Bout 3 a.m.
A little lovin'
A little lovin' On my mind
She's my machine
Feels like something's getting right
Damn straight She's wild In overdrive
And I love to feel her Each and every night
She gets along Let alone She's premium
And I'm coming to from all points in between
`Bout 3 a.m.
It's gettin' late I don't know
She's red She's wild In overdrive
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
 out Kick it
Machine
She's my machine
Machine...
 Machine
From L.A. to New York, London, and Moscow
The monkey be God and make you beg on your knees
The monkey is screamin'
He's spreading his 
You'll be jonsin for somethin' to make you well...
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Hear the sub or human kind
You got yours and I got mine
He's hungry for 
He make you so numb and cold to the core
wealth
The hunger of love
The hunger of lust
He's hungry for power
You got yours and I got mine
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Make you crave the very thing you try to ignore
Everybody's Got the monkey
In his head or on his back
Hear the sub or human kind
Homos and Heteros
From problem brokers to TV viewers
Pyschos and users
Abusers and losers
What I say is a simple fact
Junkies and juicers
There's a monkey for every man
You got yours and I got mine
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Everybody's Got the monkey
In his head or on his back
What I say is a simple fact
Hear the sub or human kind
Mom and Dad
And I ain't afraid to use it now!
My train your station
When I blow this tomb with a view, yeah, all right
Well here come faster rats!
Third rail can't stand it
I got a steel-wheeled radial
That rat race licked
You'll be brownin' your Bermudas
It takes up all your time
Being leader of the 
Prophylactic for you...
Full speed across the nation
Just when you get
Santa Fe to the mid-Atlantic
or a passanger,
the top
 of the hill
double stack thunder
are you an engineer?
Big train
strapped to the front of a
You're on a Big train
you to 
just in front of the wheels
and you're runnin'
Whatever gets
That train be rollin' not me, I'm going before wine and
Sometimes it rains right on your...
and songs become a long locomotive for me
All you ever wanted was to tap dance, run away
I've known fast livin' and I know wine, women
Sometimes you win sometimes you lose
women turn into beer, the old lady and TV
Big train or is the rain doin sixty
Big train when ya' don't know what you're doin'
Big train time gets movin'
Big train Don't know what you're doin'
Big train gets movin'
Big train aw honey are with me
Big train maybe you're standing still
Big train honey are with me
Big train and you're wonderin' if you ever will
Big train or is the train doin sixty, baby
that station: and I'll be smilin' again
Always another train pulling into
Maybe you're standing still
Awe reap!
Can't help it that's the kind of guy I am
Who gone and made a life's work
An' I know folks
From the worst teacher goin'
That school's too slow
Experience
I learned half of what I know
And a decade later
Smart ones from the city
they still do it shitty
Then all my life's been fingerpainting
'Cause if it's art
That's experience for ya
The same guy that got on 20 years ago
Moves kinda slow
And as I feel it
You get off the bus
Had my best luck, though
Is it art or imitating?
With a big easel
Experience, I think I understand
, babe
You're comin' up now
And come to suspect the whole experience
project
That single moment on a bungee jump
Is it like doin' 90
I'd rather be an art 
Her top's down
You're down goin' down
Than just weasel out with wearin' one
An' wind's in your beer can
Till I finally made it
Yes, I'm sorry boy
It was kind of an experience
But I feel that way all the time
The one with the showroom shine
I think I felt that before
Well, I'm sorry girl
One shining moment lost in time
Life was kinda hit or miss
But after I made it
And I'd love to talk philosophy
I've got experience
All right
But I've gotta take a piss
Man, that philosophy runs right through ya
Life was Take a hit of this"""
I'm gonna blow by you
You got me so I don't know 
You wanna lover, you want a friend
Al, do you want a click on this one?
He wanted Wonder Woman
I thought it was the last
What love can do
I just want you baby
A vision of light, child of the night passing by
The more things you get, the more you want
My heart, you're breakin' my heart
Take me down, down, down, down, down, down
I'm thinkin'
Could be later than you think
the cat
Over, yeah
Uh! Ahh! Come on!
He went looking for trouble,
The tender touch is not enough
But i'm the right tool for the job
When I get the urge
Oh, no! See what they're seein'
Whoa-oh-oh, can you tell me?
It comes from a jealous clock
Ow, you've got Allah in the east
Must end with a kiss
 my wings
So very autobiographic!
Hey! Only fools rush in an' only
And then Bill got himself a wife, now he leads a different life
Cowboys and injuns
Never one for all with you
And I suffered 'cause of you
I know, somehow I know.
Take the highs Oooh
Yes, it's true
She got a doorbell sign...
The sickness in his eyes reflects
Don't tell me, "Give it up", too busy getting down,
I'm overloaded baby, I say "Bye-bye!"
`Bout 3 a.m.
Pictures
Your's very truly,
If you take your whiskey home
I mean, you're doin' all you can to make me sad n' blue, yeah yeah
If I fall shy at all
Space station, starvation, 
An' too much heat
It's gonna kill you
Owwww!
Well I gave her seven children
Now check me out on the good side here
Jump back with your heart attack
On a count of three
We'll need 10 percent,
been in the sun too long.
Yeah, and this one is outs
Man, I thought I'd hit the wall, ah!
Now get it straight
The ancient rabbi appeared to me,
Who are you and where are we?
Chance meeting in the roaring eighties.
Whoa-ooh-oh oh, can you tell me?
That river belongs to me.
A fortune coo-coo-coo-kie
held, held by the same hand!
It's a way out
Left me here to die alone
She treat me like a personal Jesus
'Cause I need you, need you tonight. Ah!
This suburban garage-a-trois
When love comes around
Mean nine lives doin' anything at all
You make me eat my heart out
I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight
I walk around with the blues
Nobody, nobody cares for me
I don't wanna find religion
...gonna heal you
Ooo-ooo-ooo I can't stop lovin' you
Oooh, yeah
Well it ain't much all right I know
Fire in 
You get it goin' and you don't never stop.
I can take the fall, there's a choice
And I see that honey I have lost my way
A hold on me
. Will lay you down underground
Heads or tails of the same bread
And it's play it like they paid ya
Ohh-ahh!
Forgotten empires
Nobody cares for me, nobody, nobody
and that's off the top
All you bad, bad boys. Yeah, it's a spank line
Yes I am!
Well, I went down yonder in Louisville
No, it doesn't get much better
And every journey's got destinations
Just lie back and unwind
This dream is over Ahh-ahh
Rotate slowly,
It's comin' out for sure
Harvest moon, soon will pass
Waiting for someone to come into focus
 and you miss me
I know what you need
Will it never be the same?
Bad habits
I, I, I, I don't feel so good. I'm serious man. I don't, I don't feel too good
and do that bump and grind.
Show, come on and show your love
I woke up to yet another day
The best to you each morning
many times I thought of quitting, babe,
Steak and potatoes, a feather in a bucket
That your love is all you're knowin'
It's never gonna stop
Uh-ah uh-ho ho
If I wasn't in the band
We're back! Hey!
She got a doorbell sign that said
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Show me, show me your
Ah-hah! Woo-hoo! Ow! Come on!
Come, get me, baby,
multiple choice
Dedicate one to the ladies...
No Evil Woman got a hold on me
Rockin' steady in her daddy's car
I tell you sugar by midnight I'll be fine. Flyin' high
And then
And the cradle will rock. Ow!
(Guitar Solo)
To what it takes
Lost in a world so far from home
 done.
Let it be, it ain't me.
Girl, we've been meant for this
And if you let cool you one time, you'll be my regular stop
Well it just ain't right
Round and round Oh, round and round
Woo! We'll hit the town, we'll have a hell of a time
There'll be music everywhere sweet music everywhere
I got a steel-wheeled radial
You need some sensible shoes
If you call back for more, oh oh oh ah!
'Cause sometimes it's not enough. Ow!
 I knew it all along
There'll be tomorrow night, but wait...What do I see?
Well, hey boom town
Ow! Wow! Woo!
and you know they play a crazy gig!
Lots of pretty girls comin' by the dozen, woo!
Blind to himself, he's laughing up his scheme
You know that you want it Baby
This can be everything we dreamed
Breakdown
To the barbeque on a hellbound train...
Like the ancient immortal said.
Are ya, are ya, are ya ready boots?
Imagine the mystery
I wanna live it up, wanna quit my job,
Well I'm in a mess
Tough guy pimps
Yeah we're goin' places
 Machine
No Eskimo to share with me his fate
One summer break Same summer that I kissed her
Just wanna 
But I got somethin' you need. Oh, yeah!
There's exceptions to the rule
I'll pretend I'm GI Joe, yeah
Well call me 40 Below
Didn't that change with a wink o' your eye
Waits for the opening
Wanna know...
Pretty woman. Don't walk away-yay. Okay.
She looks so fucking good, so sexy and so frail
Now more
 at all these little kids
When the night is through, Ow!
She take me down, down, down to the bottom
Blind man goes
It's a good impersonation
stream
But I ain't home, at night! Ha-ha-ha!
And don't like me makin' future plans
When I jumped out, on that road
I'm incomplete, huh!
This dream is over, oh Ooo-ooo-ooo
 out Kick it
Woke up in life, found I almost missed it
Ow, yeah
I know what you're dreamin'
 doll sez qho
I get a nut nut nuthin
 again
Hey! Better get it while you got it
I'm seein'
No no, nothin's gonna stop it
Don't want no class 
Looked 'im in the eye
98 percent not there
Oh no, but I think you'll find
Nothin' feels the same
Uh uh uhuh yeah
Safe from harm
an' gold brass zippo
One step ahead, one step behind it
Reach back, 
There's only one way to rock
Went to hear this cool cat blow
Come back when you're younger
Sit yourself on down
No, let the magic do the work for you
Where the good Lord split you
Can't comprehend the meaning of the metaphysical
By the time your 
Piano Solo
Contact is all that it takes
I just can't take it
Oh, no, no, ah!
I've been to Rome, Dallas, Texas
At the local Taco Truck
But when I heard, I took it easy
I reach across to the other side
It said "Gimme Gimme a call sometime"
I didn't do nothing
You'd be sittin' pretty but you try to take the fifth
It's not who you squeeze
And all I got from history
oh I'm a pushover...
Come on, 'n gimme somethin'
Learn these words instead."
Float like a buttuerfly
but my heart wouldn't buy it.
(Repeat chorus).
I'm chasin' love down a fine, fine line. Ow!
Is there anything left in that bottle?
Oh yah!
Show! Show
Well, back in the past when I was, treated so coldly
Until we meet again
In shining pick-up truck
Yeah yeah yeah Ooo-hoo
You're a nervous wreck
Traffic is giving you trouble
Got ta, got ta, got to
But yo cup was runnin' over
Oh yeah! Oh yeah!
Baby, it's the meanest blues around-uh
I don't know, I get down on my knees and pray
in the dumpster when you're thru,
Yes I am! Yeah!
Out where the west begins
Because we're hittin0 the road
Paint it red on black
Damn good times
All these secret things I've learned
You can make it
And chow down, and down and down and down!
Ain't got your head right
 and you get it tonight
I barely survived
I know, baby, I say, I didn't wanna half drag you
Uh feel my heartbeat
I got kinda sense of 
Holyman, take me to the promised land
Yeah, that's it...a little more to the right
A little low on cash
All flavors and pushups too
I see the power changin' hands
Feel the power
That's just what's expected
A slice at a time, like a pizza pie
It's my life. Get off my ass, get outta my face
Take it easy baby, Take it easy
So we're hittin' the road
You got me so I don't know where I'm goin' yeah
These are tears of fury
Hey mean old gal
I wish they all could be California girls
An' I'm cold
But I, I ain't never gonna 
, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm an easy man.
Make future plans I'll dream about yesterday, hey!
I ain't the worst that you've seen
Jimmy on the radio and even on the 
Sensible shoes, ones that will lead me back to you
And all I 
Ah, take it!
Go Home, The Earth Is Full
I don't know what I've been livin' on, but
I'm tellin you
Claiming victory, oh but that's not me
 your joys
Gonna go for broke tonight
She looks like Monroe
Your page or mine
And she said, "There'll be times. There will be times."
Never solved a thing, I differ
But I'm on a self improvement kick these days
Say one for me
Well I tried to be good
Man, I thought I'd seen it all, oh
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Got a steel toe
Need no 
Let Cupid sort 'em out
Empty pockets never stopped
Millions of miles. Oh, no
What you need is on 
In a word to the wisdom tooth
Sometimes a certain tom's gotta peep
Ohhhh yeah
Won't you tell me
The rain has disappeared
Why is the crazy stuff we never said poetry in ink
I barely made it through
Pretty woman, give your smile to me
Telephone, telefax, telefuckin' teletrash
At the corner my dog won't let you pass
I don't know. I might be able to make it through. What the hay?
Always make her laugh, ha! ha!
tell the boss to go to hell.
Still we try Oooh
Like a monsoon
Mmm, fore sure. Ahhh
I was wonderin' if I could get directions to your place?
how to get
Tonight we'll find a dune that's ours
But I knew I never could
It happened just like that, yeah!
This blind date is cash and carry,
Uh! A-just enough to keep me hangin' on
red line
You wanna sucker
Lose the dress, keep the shoes
Well, Mousy Joe got 
Yeah, what used to be
Fire in the hole
Don't ask me why I'm crossing over
 in a trunk.
, no love you'd call real
Oh, no! They won't believe it when they
By your naked eye
Big train aw honey are with me
 of me
And your 
I'm only wastin' time I think I better go
One, two, one, two, three, four
Are you ever so silent, when she wanted to talk?
Lipstick tricks and diesel dykes
You're bad mood's permanent
Yeah, but I couldn't wait to get back in the states
Yes I'm all fired up
And while she watches
Hey what the hell it runs, SO!
Spread my butter on my biscuit honey to my melon
Oh All I wanna give you babe ooh
I need some sympathy!
Like a train runnin' off the track
Oooh Yeah, it's all right there
Cherries on bananas gonna need a second helping
Oooh ooh ooh Uh. The harder the better, we'll do it til we're
Honey!
Better make up your mind
T-T-teacher stop that screamin'
Sit down right here
The underground. Whoa, yes
I don't know. I, I thought it was really gonna be different this time.
Just tune in to what this place has got to offer
She's down-home and down-home. Oh, that's my woman
Stands
Better keep that in mind! Keep it in mind
Or, not fade away
Have you ever been touched?
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Huh!
Ohhhh!
She gone with the wind
Contact man 'tween you and danger
Uh oh!
Or how to find this place
First you say that you will
Well, the kid is into losin' sleep
Well, here come one more drop in the bucket!
 dixie cups
I don't wanna hear that talk
Got nobody, waitin' at home
You find your real bottom line is when your
Runnin' with the devil
Gotta get up
I got news for you!!!
 ever say it right, no-oow-oh
still provin' any night that her flag is still there.
Tattoo
Now you're saved, by a higher voice
Someday, we'll be standin' on top of the world
You ready? Yeah
instant
Drive my search engine home
Ah, she's beautiful, alright,
Oh yeah, get up
Knock, knock
Uh! Caught a plane outta Moscow
Look around. Whoa, yeah!
Peace was the solution
Just you 
And my card say no one's home
Use my hand, I won't look
Hey, I heard you missed us
Heard a vicious rumor from your mama's tongue
Never losin' sight, ah
 Ooo-ooh
Once you taste the real kind
daughter
this place called Tobacco Road.
Now I know I was paying attention
Fast forward
Don't you know that
, your husband's comin' home
Put the pedal to the metal
 slide on by ooh-ooh
Yeah, she's right on time, I'm on the case.
And the cradle, the cradle will rock
Oh oh oh oh When nothin's missing, ow!
Oh All I want to give you woman ooh
Keep smilin' until then
Who's got the time?
I'm hoping you feel the same
We forget where we come from sometimes
One more piece of the 
Well I'm off the rails
To follow that road (yes I will)
Folks cried, someone had died.
Love that woman heart and soul
Won't someone tell me what it is they all want?
Sex Life, Wild Life
Stormy weather Oooh ooh ooh Oh yeah Oooh ooh ooh
Who'd ya do
Ow! Come on baby, good
What love could make me do
Alright! Uh!
Contact. Asleep or awake
Yeeaahh
Christ, what's a man to do?
The loss that you feel, I know that it's real.
When she walks, watch, the sparks will fly,
Hey baby, uh-it's the only way out
They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy
Down that easy street
He said, "Your arms too short to box with God.
Is it like doin' a hundred
It's a fact, and you know that it's true
Don't ya know she's coming home with me
Yo mama! Hey!
Homegrown and down-home, yeah that's the one
Oh, yeah. Ah-ah!
Come on baby finish what ya started
No static
A flag unfurled, at half mast
Now if 6 turned out to be 9,
She's on fire, 'cause dancin' gets her higher than-uh
Another ladie's nite in Buffalo
Due to budget constraints
And you 
I heard the winds a-whisp'rin'
Got that rhythm of the road, ah
Take me back
I always loved you tender
I feel like a running politician
Ahhh-ahh I know how it's gonna be
Not this stuff baby
They're out to knock you out n' put you down for the count
Now, I don't know what you may have heard
Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin'
Dolls by a palm tree in the sand
Summer of love?
Say you missed me...
Outta your closet Ha-ha-ha!
Now pay attention, 
 beat?
Next episode begins and begins and begins and begins
An emancipation, a false proclamation?
Unchained, and ya hit the ground runnin'
A great night for all concerned
Ooh yeah, wow!
 of an education
 at me, say "Outta luck." Oo-ooh, yeah!
I went out I bought some brand new shoes
No big thing
When it came to vice and versa
Woman get crazy if she can't go
Oh, He got a big ol' belly
Who's always warm, like in the mornin'
Oh, I'm so twisted and tied
That's what's come down on the inside
Ah-huh!
Wow-oo-ow-oo-ow! Yeah
S-s-s-sucker
You're down goin' down
On Judgement Day. Ow!
It's a major violation, carried away for sure, yeah. I know!
But then my homework was never quite like this!
Searchin' everywhere, you turn and swear
In my little black book
Oh, deja vu
Top Jimmy, Woo! Shake it baby!
But they remember the face,
Oooh-oooh You are the little dreamer
Hot for teacher
Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does
Ah-ah. Summer nights In the heat of the summer
Run, run, runaround, yeah Round round round round
All right, let's go to the back!
Everybody let's stay focused
Uh! She want a sucker Sucker
They never had no money and they always told 
And I put her on the tip of my tongue
Oh! Just tryin' to please you all the time
But it's all sex without love
'Cause I'm red hot
It's just about time!
We're searchin' for the latest thing, a break in this routine
Ah yeah! Woo! My kinda action
Some kind of alien
Gotta get right back
 that I've missed
She's a vision from coast to coast,
Sometimes a certain tom's he gotta peep
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh!
Thet he's got himself a job
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
My Karma just ran over your dogma
Build up, and stand in our way. Oh
Back and forth
An' a runny nose
What could they say about me
Outta touch most all the time
I got my back against the record machine
White trash lesbo psycho bikes
I can't wait, I can't wait
Well I ain't saying I'm different
 have packed it up
Goin' outta my way, know my way around
Forever gone my history
In emotiona starvation
I'm your ice cream man
Ahh! Runnin' with the 
It's ok, I'll do what I want if I choose
I'm up... and you're to blame
I can't take no more
Well that's bullshit
Do the walk, love to ball, just one look I believe that's all
No longer are we the minority
A self-made businessman
Hey, you 
How the hell you get in those tight blue jeans?
Well, I was workin' on approval
She got the beat and here's a little bit comin' your way.
it was in his eyes.
Right now baby I'm alone and I'm swallowing
He was a 
Dig it
We'll spend it later
U.S. Prime, Grade A stamped, guaranteed
Keeping it up pumping it up, pumping it up
Get it all right back
Drop at a time is all ya need
Now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool
Hey, sister, you're perfect host.
Only me, happens every time
Not over me
Not me baby
Something got the bite on me, I'm goin' straight to hell
Naturally wired
Justo for a moment
Of a dream
You've got to run to win an' I'll
Down on 14th street much quicker
You can fairly dance beneath her light
Top Jimmy and his Rhythm Pigs!
the news
Till my 
Grown to expect, expect more of the same
(Oh, my God)
1-800-Tell-Me-Baby!
You've actually got three points there. Ah-ha! Yep! Whaaeeee!
Lost control
Though our circumstances
Counter-blast
Whoa yeah!
Cause I'm filing charges on your soul
Well I never thought she'd walk
We see a man speakin' the word of God
I, I, I, I'm naturally wired!
Are you ready for some freestyle?
Now Jamie's been in love before Ahh-ahh
Stamps in my passport
And it's all wrapped up in a tight little bundle
I'm on the 
Big Bad Bill is Sweet 
Are a hard act to follow
When it rains we flood.
Lay your bodies down
Uh-uh. Uh-uh Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
Rock on. Oh, ow, ah, ah, ah
Tell Me
I took a mobile light, lookin' for a moonbeam. Ow!
Smile and grin at the change all around pick up my guitar and play just like
I'll try and I'll try, 'til I'm satisfied
Oh, and now he's gone forever
And like the good book says be quick or dead!
Eddie! Can't you read lips? Hey, hey, hey
Well I'm usually passin' by just about eleven o'clock
She's my machine
Always one more
Towards the end conflict off and on
Nobody ever told you that your
Whoa! Dealin', I'm dealin' with these things
Threw me a rope.
Whooo! Ow! Woo! Aw, yeah!
Lost, in this pleasure dome
Stay until it rolls away
I can hear dem po' boys tappin'...
Only time 
Humans Being That's what makes us We're just humans That's what makes us
Selective amnesia
There's a time and place for everything. For everyone
Nobody, nobody cares for me ,nobody, nobody
A lot like in the movies
Dancin', they're dancin' in the street
Won't some sweet mama come and take a chance with me
but what I need right now's the original goodtime girl.
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about
I likes that, yeah "Yeah," say I
You're Breathin' It
Crazy living
Don't wanna wait 'til tomorrow
This dream is over Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo
Non-stop talker, what a rocker
In her brand new red-hot pink humvee
And it's practice, practice, practice
See it, oh can you see it?
To a question no one asked
Shake it slowly
Everybody wants some, everybody wants big money. Oh yeah!
You wouldn't go
I'll get her
premature ejaculation
Don't want 'em to get your goat?
Back at the ranch
In n' out
If he had teeth like 
Ooh You can say what you like. It's all confidential. Whoa!
You in the future
He's got the look!
Longshot? That's bitchin'
Bring that dynamite and a crane,
Ba dum bum
Neighbors gettin' crazy 'bout the noise next door
I'll be lickin' round your knees
twelve
Mine all mine
You can spend my money
You're a totally emergency!
The more you do ti
All soup and no fish
I don't think so mama!
My mother lode! Hey!
 less is more, ha ha
Walk it!
Hot tub loosen up...baby's been soaking
And it's up the road
Yes, I
My words at best to you
 baby, and it left a scar
, I'm over you
Ooooooooo
There'll be laughin', singin', music swingin'
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh! Hey!
What I'm feelin', yeah
Ooh-ooo-ooh
I've heard it called by different names
the truth
Hey, take a look at this 
The one I want!
That's what I want
The poor folks 
Makes me king of the hill
 room uptown shack
Go Jimmy
Button up mama
Ooh, a la la la la la la yeah
You know some people are different, now ain't that a cryin' shame
Ooh, give it a try. I'm your last loose end
Only I know when it's time to quit
you to 
But when I roll you over baby, you don't care
And wanna be me...
okayHello? Hello?
If i get into a fix
I had to tell them baby you were armed with all you'd need
Real heavy
Down here at land's edge?
I respect your intellect
A big catastrophe, yeah yeah
Time to tell the truth now now
 when you follow through
They say, "Ya could've least faked it, boy. Faked it, boy"
I'll wait
But I ain't home, at night! Wow!
C'mon baby
Hey we ain't playin'
Don't bar the door, there's no one comin'
I'm so sad and lonely, sad and lonely
And baby while we at it
In a cool dry place
I got no 
You better watch your mouth
Chew your words, lest you choke
I can't wait to feel your love tonight
Spent one cold night in Berlin, yeah
Fate is my pimp
The love line is never straight and narrow
You know I, I found the simple life
One ear to the ground, he's listening to the dead
An' then one night in stunning victory
You say you're lonesome, just getting by
Cause I knew I'd see those girls again
Well, wish no more `cause
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Well let's talk about love on a hot summer night. Hey!
with the kids and the dog.
Once over, I'm over done
Ya think ya got the interest?
Yeah! But I like it
Wow! It's a simple fantasy
That's a constant unemployment line
Warring clans in lowered cars
Top Jimmy swings!
Money make this world go round
See, I been tried and convicted, it's winner take all
unforgiven
Oooh, baby
Yeah, and pray for sunny weather
I know.
Takin' 8 to the bar
and songs become a long locomotive for me
Woman throws up her hands
No it ain't, no it ain't baby!
Uh-oh!
Ooh, and there she stands in a silken gown
Won't recognize them anymore Ha ha
Ooh-oo-ooh There'll be swingin', swayin', records playin'
Women all over, cross the USA
I'm all feet up, watchin' TV
Get the show on the road
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Uh!
I barely made it home
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy
Have you ever looked down when the homeless walked by?
Ah I wanna love you, maybe set you free
That's what I want, big fat money
Standin' on top Hey darlin'. Woo!
"And I know a little joint upstairs in the back
And without a doubt they were out
And tonight we're rocketeers"", said Mouse."
I didn't make the world I'm livin' in
That we can work it out
Richman, want a little bit more
When it's love, ooh
Girl, hang on tight and don't let go
I hear music on the landin' an' there's laughter in the air
Oooh - i can see that you've got
Damn good tiemes
But I was young an' I was, far too 
I don't think it!s so far
I'll meet you half the way
Think that's where I'm gone
Winds up tired with who he meets
dead ringer for the big first prize.
Push, shove
Eyes that just don't see
Oh, Jimmy!
No good, no good, Ow-ow! no good
The ocean's roar will dull the drummin'
From afar
Mama I can be both of them I got the tools, to satisfy-uh
Ride to live, live to ride
I feel you agreein'
Only missed by a fraction
Just, get up and make it work
First come, first served, he's serving it back
Uh-uh-uh-uh-ah!
Little girl loves to boogie woogie, looks so fine like some sweet suger
He's the man the town used to fear
This is home, this is Mean Street
And she hulas when I walk
Or she couldn't make love at all
Might get lucky
I can see clearly now
Oh hell yeah!
At an early age he hits the 
Little bit o' everything, ooh, even when it hurts
Ah Oh, it doesn't matter what you wear
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-be doo-be do-wah
You can stop me now
And try not to laugh
Uh huh, I never stop
Even on the beat, on the, on the beat
Don't try to use that thing on me
Going crazy
That's how it'll always be
Reachin' out for anything
A-just-a hangin' 'round let me look for parkin' lots
Ooo, the hammer, hammerhead
Stay Frosty now!
So it's up the road
When he walked by, they all held their breath
Wonder who I'd wanna be
Mommy didn't need no little boys
 you feel alright
I been aware the ball might roll or tumble
 in her eyes
If the mountains fell in the sea,
Stromy weather Oooh ooh ooh Oh yeah Oooh ooh ooh
There must be a better way ooo-oooh
Sometimes you wander
I'm runnin' back for more
Slip in a dream or two
Seen it on a billboard
Come on baby, close your eyes, let go
Ow, ow, ow, she got that rhythm
Man on a mission, straight ahead
Woo! Look out!
An angry father
Woo! It's got what it takes
Heel rocker
How bout it?
Been that way for a long, long time
 from the past
Big train
I want my control back, but I'm afraid I'll lose that feeling. Ow!
Once embraced, can't ever be let go
'Cause nothing but the real thing
Oh tell me why ooh-ooh should I ooh-ooh
Ah, shoot it!
Is the best part of a man, yeah
I don't wanna hear about it later Ah hear about it later
King Kong never had it so clean
Ow! Hey!
Sandman, kicking mud in your eye
The white sand sure make a tan look nice
Get up. Get up and make it work
Take a bite of double fries
Hey, Eddie!
I've got it
 than ever, you realize
Nothin Nothin' else could ever do
Everybody else gotta pay cash...
Three sixty-five, five, fiiive!
And I got a line, Ooh-ooh you grab that pole Ooh-ooh
Don't say, don't say...
She came and took me by surprise Showed me what I hadn't seen
. Woo!
Ow! Whoa yeah! On Judgement Day
See you drivin' up and down my road
Telephone
Oooh It's all right by me
I knoooooooooooooooow. uh huh
She turn your head around
 is Right
And she might just yet,
A-send the mayor down in his pickup truck
Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony!
She don't like the way I wear my hair
Ooh yeah, oh yeah-eah
But not one thing I've tried
StreetLife, Night Life
So why do ya think your life is boring?
 here. It's not what you are, ya see, it's how ya dress
I know I ain't lucky in nothin'
Blowin' steam
I can hear the sound
Creature from the sea with the looks to me
The Atomic Punk!
Once shared, can't ever be separate
Ain't no fool could see
Now all I gotta do is get up, go out, and get her
the streets
What kind of fashion
And true love will never die
A-Bitch sure got the rhythm
Birds against an icy sky
Wait a minute, ah This is home Somebody said "Fair warning", Lord
I'll tell you honey by morning you'll be mine, yes. All mine
Oh, can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
She givin' me the runaround Round round round round
Can't keep a 
Hold on. Hold on, I'm runnin'! Ah, yeah!
Honey, how about you?
You can jazz it up or play it slow
Well right now makin up for lost time, yeah!
Though nothin's on the shore
Drivin' me insane
You'll be a grandma under 40
Shinin' red and blue light, yeah
An' I can't recall any love at all
Her voice is steady she knows
All these crazy women
I'm the livin' 
Yeah! Some low life flat head scum infects
I've become a diplomaniac
Know something to be true, then deny it
Got a rosy future, and a big behind
Have you seen Junior's grades?
Run, run, runaround Round round round round
And it looks like
The road to destruction
Just walk away
Pay your dues and stay on track
Ahh Ow, ow, ow, she get crazy
She needed classical music
There's always easy street
Yeah, I been in debt from conception
Tonight, no
If I get myself together
He wanted her tonight
And she said "Could this be magic? Or, could this be love?"
Outta love! Outta love Again
And I heard bells ringin'
We made it through the cold
Just a Hammerhead Shark
But the sun still shines
Big train Don't know what you're doin'
When it comes to you and fashion
'Cause we belong in a world that must be strong
And I don't want to go home
Says place but here
Poets try the same.
You can't quit when you get played
Burt not me Chief
I'm just a gigolo everywhere I go
This is home, Ooh this is Mean Street
Or forever you can hold my peace...
Yeah, the one I want want
 ain't dirty
To make us see we're Humans Being?
We got a permanent place at that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
I am two parts diamond
Too much exasperation
I love my dog
Co-op City first 3 floors
Drop dead bombshell
But this time's our time
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' yeah
But now I'm livin' with the aftershock
Got a good job, makin' lots of money
Never mind
I sing the only song we know
When you wish upon a star
Profess to love me, babe
In concern of time
And then some lovin'. Wouldn't that be nice? Yeah!
When you were learning to see. oooooooh
Nothin' will discourage me. Oh, no
I can't seem to get her out
And that just wasn't right. ooooooh
That special moment lost in time
reservations
She had her drink in her hand
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, Woo bottoms up, bum-bum-buh
Ow-ow!
Proposed me a toast:
Just a-smokin' and a-drinkin', I'm ringside
A solitary Buddhist monk
Married life done changed him somehow
You painted daughters of the Tong Underground
I want some too
An' I wanna do that with you, babe
Jimmy on the news at five!
Uh-ah uh-ho ho, yeah, gimme some o' that. Woo!
Ah-ah. Summer nights On a hot summer night. Hey!
Cross the line where none return
I don't know man. We're dyin', we're dyin'
sensation
How 'bout 'cha now, come on!
I need another shot o' your love
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Come on turn, turn this thing around
Don't tell me what love can do, alright
Yes I know it well
 now (the coast is clear)
An' hang 'em high
Light 'em up!
Well my baby's on the corner and she's lookin' so fine
You take an average guy, he can't identify, uh
Rhyme. Rhyme
Owwwwwwww!
Somebody get me a doctor. Ah, yeah!
Mmm, here they goin', my way. Woo! Woo!
Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Dead or alive
Don't draw the line
Hah, yeah
Yours in a simple 
Of all wrong they decide and the shotgun sings the song I'll tip my hat to the
Yeah, we'll get higher and higher
I won't, but I want it
Ya think ya got the interest
Lemme put it to music, yeah, I say...
And that is, I'm slowly fading away
I journeyed to the North
Angels gotta smile every once in a while
I asked her,
 good and I'm funny, so why'm I lonesome honey
I found the simple life ain't so simple
Yeah, yeah the one I want the one I want
Rhyme. Rhyme. Rhyme
Yeah right, she says
Quality time
Being leader of the 
Got me so I can't sleep at night
Just look around. Whoa, yes
Or changed the channel when you saw a hungry child?
I don't, I don't know, I don't know!
Yeeeaaahhh!
Tell me, what are ya waitin' for?
Over and over, yeah-eah
Ah-ha!
And that's my bottom line...!!
That we can make it right
Are you for real?
Flesh, blood and bone
A fallen angel looked a lot like you
Baby, you're no good
blow it up, 
This is Mean Street in this desperate part of town
How many, how many, say I
Kinda lost, sorta rich
What a snappy little mammy gonna keep a pappy happy
Mailman, looking more like your daughter
You really got me
You better bring it, or don't ring it
Well, I just can't help myself, I am yours to have.
I got her in my sight, but just outta reach. Oh-oh!
For a bird's eye view of the play
For me! It says no more, no more
Damned if I do an' then I'm damned if I don't
I'll bear the cross on Judgement Day
I'm as bare, I'm as bare, as a barren womb
You're no good! no good, no good
High rise, high rent, before it's earned it's all been spent
Let's do this bottle Oh! right!
I used to wanna meet?
Show Me
You know how sometimes, you got to run
Here we go around Round round round
Ow! Yeah
lesson
Hold you in my arms, keep you warm and
And you keep tryin', Wow! don't waste time
I been that way for a long, long year
(Here he comes)
Cause separation
This is the operator
They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Ah one time
Ah just one more crazy night
And when 
And I'm making it
I seen some folks fall
But I'll try, yeah I'll try for it
It's just something you feel together, hey!
Just like I told you before! Before! Before!
Oooh You know I wanna
Two tribes warring
 starts improving
But so much of that lies in our own hands
 me some Panama Red, yeah
What's the only thing to do in this town?
Gimme some o' that big, big money
Drivin' all the women crazy
There's some dirty work
I'm called: Thug Pop.
Ahh! Ahhhhh!
It's gettin' late Don't know just where I've been
A little lovin' On my mind
Stop lookin' out, start lookin' in
Across the ocean blue, Ooh-ooh-ooh me an' you
But you were young and bold, and baby
That's where we're goin'
Don't be a fool
And the cradle will rock
Wait like the wind, 
Well, my 
Is that why God made us breed
paper moon shinin' brilliantly.
Of a place that's not on any map
When the night is through
 with all your might
A farmer's 
Well, all right!
Lord, don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown
the woman
Like she's workin' on a heart attack
Dance, dance, dance the night away
I believe in fate and 
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Whoa!
I would call this bingo
Lyrics for "Medicine Man" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
picture
His words still racket in my head.
Always look so cool?
Nobody rules these streets at night but me, nobody. Ahhhhhh!
Some goes to women, ooh, some goes to Jesus
But I, I just can't do it all
Lord, I've been feelin', I'm feelin', I'm feelin' things that
God guides us on our journey
He don't understand what a man should know
She said, "Look, just don't touch it!"
 into my eyes
'Neath a zombie moon
From start to finish
Ooo-ooo-ooo
Ha-ha-haaaaaaaaa!
Didja get your head lost in a daydream?
Mama, i'm the one you want
online
I'm done with coexisting
That fallen angels play?
It's always here and now my friend, it ain't once upon a time
Just to piss me off?
Now ya see it
If I didn't think it was worth one try
Better change your tune
Turn! turn! turn! turn! turn!
Gonna blow this whole town
You runnin' blind, but you jumped the gun
Now you go on an' do what you want to
I think of all the 
I had me some drinks
 it nice 'n sweet. Ooh!
I can see you don't know 
And I'm not gonna' try to please
I'll tip my hat to the new constitution take a bow for the new revolution
My friend Jerry's feet are achin'
King-size, we were crushin'
And you're on borrowed time
Don't you lie
Headed for the skies
Who needs the aggrevation
Whatever gets
Hey, ah my telephone is ringin', they told me
Mm, these dangorous days
When nothing's left but death and taxes
the real kind.
Shyboy, shyboy, give it one more time boy
Baby please, can't take it anymore
Honey, run tell everyone
Act a little nice and kind
Oh! Juke joint Jimmy is the latest thing
Oh, right now!
How does he do it?
Alright
Mom, God, Pie the whole routine
The Atomic Punk
with the help and the grace from above.
Sho-nuff beats workin' for me
snowflake
Suddenly occurs to me
Still cookin' with that old time, long lost recipe, yeah. Woo!
Don't have to show you 
Napalm in the morning
And tangled destinies
Oooh ooh ooh Don't draw the line
I done most anything, keep 'em doin' anything 'cause
Ah, manHa, ha-ha!
Well, here I'm rollin' down another sunny highway,
Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo See the whole wide world turn upside-down
Blue, it makes me blue
We're having dinner late
I think it's high time we lay it out there on the line
Far as you ramble,
I'm a tough little fart, wow!
Can be held by the same hand
When the tide comes in.
It seems
You got to get right back to where you started from
Oh, if you wanna see other guys
I'm a regular guy
mm, nothin' like her in the whole world.
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Gets me wild
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin'
To be so mad with me
Baltimore, in D.C. now Dancin' in the streets
And you're a permanent stranger
You're pissin' Windex, no foolin'
Standin' on top
Danger rides the web tonight
It's Showtime!
It's like a full time occupation
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight
Get it in, jump. Jump!
Ow, baby hold on
Until I get mine, yeah mine
I'm what my daddy said i'd never be
Ain't got nobody, waitin' at 
All dressed up in a 3 piece suit
So, right down to the bottom of 
Till you seen the livin' end
Cherry Blue and Mighty Mouse
Blind to himself, an' he's laughing up his scheme
Pick up the phone, no time to waste.
Wolves at my door, wised up quick
And I struggled to stay afloat.
The question is not, "Does love exist?"
Uh! Uh!
Summer nights and my radio
I'm talkin' 'bout it.
A buck is still a buck in Shanghai
Uh yes, you are
Turn right next Thursday
Lights, camera, action
Save some money, get rich and old,
Got it bad,
But i can lift really heavy things.
And we're pumpin' thunder
do that bump and grind.
I just got to splurge
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah
But that don't make the show
Ah! It's a small change
And I, ain't gonna tell you what's right for you
Way down in L.A. everyday
Get out! Operator calling. Get out! Operator
Gonna leave, get a job
That meant a lot to me
I'm doing the victory dance!
I grabbed that telephone
To love somebody honestly And always trust
Never met nobody 'makes me feel the way you do
He made me see:
And I believe it's so
Need no lessons
Not to know, and who needs proof?
Woo! Summer nights and my radio
Checks in people with her pants in a bunch,
Ain't goin' down to no Crossroads
'Cause honey, something reached out and touched me
And now we're wasting time Now we're wasting time
Tattoos, scars, and missing parts
When you turn on your stereo
With no distractions
'Til we got stung
I'm talkin' some new kicks, ones like you ain't never seen
I'm a real nice guy
Everybody wants some! Hey, hey!
So honey Ahh leave me alone, or lady, you're stayin' the night
 your head is goin'
This is my chance to fly
Best deceive these true colors that follow one of your false virtues
Your social activities
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground. Woo! Come on
You know it's more than just some new sensation
Look at that
I'm alive, I'm electric, inspired
Now me look, I got this job not just bein' myself, huh!
As I ride your sonic, oo-wave
(Girls, girls, girls yeah I dig the)
Lovin' and a livin' and a treat me like a fool! Wow!
Woman, I've been thinkin'
Can you see me kow crack the skies like lightnin'
One time!
I love my little sweetheart girl
Oh, yeah yeah!
Dig it! That's right
Oh, love once. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
They're dancin' now, look! Out on Mean Street
Now I don't wanna know
It's what's happening
Didn't you?
I don't like nothin' in between
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' Ow!
I'm in love
Huh-uh! Ye-ah, oh-oh oh
Don't let this get around
I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
Pledge allegiance to a place
You straight up aces
I'm gonna be, yours in a simple...
I'm just a sucker for a pretty face
What American Bandstand is to the theory of evolution
strapped to the front of a
Baby, I never thought you would
No special favors make it out to cash
Better look out now though, Dave's got somethin' for you
Turn! turn turn...
Ah, might as well jump. Jump!
Once revealed, can't ever be not shown
Nothin' else I need
company
But little texas keeps things even
You're riding high on Monday,
You want a good one?
And I know Ooo-ooo-ooo what I got to do
I may be wrong but I think she kinda likes ya.
And I feel her from across the room
Ah ah You're gonna hear the angels singin'
Why put it off another day?
And combat boots
Or love of the buck?
, was what she wanted
Machine...
That white boys simply cannot dance
I don't need no stinkin' click!
Leaving here we aggravate you
Each man's a country in his own right oh,
I'm just a little impatient
We're gettin' funny in 
You'd swear this kid was 21 goin' on 44
Another ladies's nite in Buffalo
So don't get caught here in the city at nite
Got the truth bein' left behind
There's a fire in the hole
Yeah, the one I want the one I want
And skin like bark
And some of them just dies
Tasty, very sweet
Tell us how you do! Hoo hoo hoo!
Like a frozen cold freight train
All about your 
All right, I said
I wonder who I'd rather be
An' I don't wanna
You know I lost a lot of friends there baby
Right now Hey! It's your tomorrow
Feel my heartbeat
Work hard at this my friend.
Oh, just one of the mysteries of creation
Damn straight She's wild In overdrive
Whaddya say fellas? That might just call for a toast
 engine home
Simply pulls a string
 at me, look at you!
Hey baby, woo!
Yeah! Seein', I'm seein' things that don't know
I got to have a little taste
Wired!
Poised on the perverbial brink
Oh-oh-oh Ah Come on g-girl, dance the night away
Questions deep within your eyes
Yeah, you may have all you want baby
, including you
Mistakes
Hammerhead Shark
I thought we were alone
Yeah, feels so good, woo! So good
I was listenin' to the DJ sayin'
Pay for every dance selling each romance
And I'm about to go bananas
Work me out, the payment's cleared
Well don't skip romance 'cause
Voice heavy with the sands of time,
 where she blows
If everything is coming your way
Nothin' sacred, nothin' left unturned
Oooh Woo! Gonna try a little dance
She sang the words wrong
It's plain to see
Yeah, baby please, Ah-ha! I can't uh take it anymore Wow!
I can almost t-taste it, I want more
Then the words can blow better, better
Woq! We wind 'em up n' let 'em go. Whoa! Oh yeah
I got her in my sight, but just outta reach. Whoa!
An' we don't worry 'bout tomorrow 'cause we're sick of these four walls
Gonna give it all we got
some people
For second place
Tell me, tell me, tell me
 in his eyes
Reach back, remember with all your might
Yeah, you'd better zip it back up
Right now Catch your magic moment
Now come on baby
I can't 
Come on! Feelin', hey I don't understand these things
Now I'm hanging ten now baby
Didn't you? Uh!
I could swear I've seen you somewhere before
Get it up, get it up, get it up
Yeah! Love hurts you sometimes
Oooh
Is that me or Happy Days?
Woo! Woo! Ow! Yeah!
You know that you want it Baby!
You want to know
I'll appear right there! Yes I will
Be damned if
Just a little somethin', you know I can't live without
Some call it fate, some superstition
With the blues Oooh
Aww right to the action
One more payment and that's it
No blog-o-sphere to sell me
N' so they said ah-good night
See I was leavin' but I'm thinkin' that I ougtha stay, yeah
That's what I want, big fat money. Yo!
Na na na-ah na na
Don't ya let it cool down
Oh-uh-oh
Oh! I'm incomplete uh!
Model citizen, zero discipline
She been there before, she'll never give in
 to the floor
1-900-SPANKED
Communication Breakdown
She's runnin', I'm flyin'
 that woman fall in love
Once sown, once can't ever be not reaped
Here's a secret to make you think
You got me so I don't know where I'm goin'
Blue, it makes me blue. Makes me blue
Shine the light on a shadow
Smoke a cigarette
I wanna run for my money, that's all!
Ah! The ballot or the bullet
Well I'm tired of be'n a fool
I saw this TV show on toxic waste
S'got me all fired up
Ain't no Midnight Train to Georgia
Yeah yeah, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble
Homegrown and down-home, woo! Come on babe
Standin' on top Hey baby
Seems to move so quickly
I wants ta tell ya
It's all over but the shouting, I come to take what's mine
And the girls all get so tanned
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Buddy, better. Get out and push
They wish they could be a lot more like me
Woo Girl Woo, Girl gone bad, ye-ah
Yeah, and that's a fact
I gotta have mine, yeah mine
Yeah yeah yeah Woo-hoo
Don't light that match no!
Oh, checkin' out all the girls, see what they got
Say baby
Machine
To me it's all just mental masturbation
Uh-ho ho
Puts me under stress, oh Lord
Yeah-yeah!-ow!
Now they're polaroids and drinkin' stories
But can you talk the talk?
Anybody in their right mind could see, you and me
Who are you
If you want love you've got to give
Black sand...
Least I don't need to beg or borrow
Baby please
'Til we meet again
Like a dirty water doggin' a bird
Of the setting sun
You can feel it, yeah!
At the gate of dreams?
Well right now makin it up to you big time!
get started
Edward? Thank you
I don't think ya wanna test me, mama
'Cause I'll try, yeah I'll try for it
Though in slumber you fill my 
No, I ain't gonna tell you what's right for you
Baby, just spread your wings
Well, honey, whattya know...Ho Ho Ho!
Movin' up and down In 'n out
Now will it ever be enough? Wow-oh-oh-oh-ooh-ooh
 to too much rock n' roll
We'll burn the bridges if we please
 wound
Aw, but then let's face it, things are easier today
It's not enough
I gotta come back to see your face
Now, come on!
But tie up your camel and remember
If he don't land on his head
I can't wait, I can't wait Woo!
Hot shoe, burnin' down the avenue
Yeah, I gotta wallet full
I want some too. Whoa!
A genetical testimony
I'm feelin'
Crossing over
Makin' things so hard, 'fore it goes too far. Kick it
An' she gives me a multiple choice...
On my shoulder is a number of the chapter he was in
I'm tired of tryin' to be someone I know ain't me
This is heavy lifting
Ain't no match for your mean ol' man
 wide open wide
Whoa, here it comes
your life
And she said "Could this be magic? Or could this be love?" Uh, oh
This is the first phase
Well you never know when love will come
 bein' left behind
Is all this admiration mutual
Now it's about a 12 mile walk
Is this flash 
Pretty woman. Oh you look lovely as you can be
Ah, Josephina!
, I can hardly walk
I Can't choose what's not my decision
'Cause there's a function at the junction,
New constitution take a bow for the new revolution smile and grin at the change
And no matter Ooo-ooo-ooo what I say or do
Why don't ya get your motor goin'
Because I always lose
No, I, I can't tell you what's right for you
Down to the bottom
Girl, you better start thinkin' somethin' real
But it's time to do it over
It looks like ladie's nite in Buffalo
commercials
I learned my lessons well.
education
Maybe I should go to hell
Oooh So, Cabo Wabo
Seems like lovin' you is just a 
Cannot be seen
I got a drink in my hand, I got my toes in the sand
Alright, you sinners, swing!
No, J.C. Penny man. J.C. Penny
One summer break; and then I kissed her
Oh, tell me where to begin
Late for the dance
Build a town, be proud to show.
If the sun refuse to shine,
You know that you want it Woo!
I'll be out until the mornin' light
Yeah! Feelin', no I don't like what I been told
Is all we need to know
We'll get higher and higher
I never met a man doesn't owe somebody somethin'. No
All the spine of a chocolate eclair
Another accomplice slinging dirt
If I'd even call at all
Had the whole town scared to death
Ah Doesn't matter what you wear
Yeah! Down, down, down, down, down, down
Knees and pray we don't get fooled again the change, it had to come we knew it
Outta space, Outta space
My first time in the spotlight
Ah ah. Ah ah. Ah ah ah
Year to the day!
If she can't then no one else can
But I already got me a new gal to ruin my life
Outside the wire somethin's movin'
Feelin', oh I don't like what I been told
to the outside
Obsessed with this feeling, I trusted it. So I followed it
whiskey
I gotta know!
All my life I never stop to worry 'bout a thing
But I was young and I was far from lonely
Could not recall just where or when
Well I'm just trying to figure
Just a-smokin' and a-drinkin' on ringside
Well, you'll have the blues, not me
Ain't nothin' like it, her shiny machine
Ahh Care or even wanna try?
Her eyes don't follow me
Hey, I don't know
Baby please, I can't take it anymore. Oh!
Baby's really burnin'
My city screams of danger
It's my destiny in my hands
So can't ya see me standing here
Then the over isn't planned. Ah yeah! Ha ha
There's so many ways to 
 assured that
It'll smack ya through the window so hard
You corner my 
Upside down
I like to look at the long run
Straight ahead, less talk, more action
Skinny legs and all
It's ah, easy money
'Till things get out of control, oh!
Talkin' some new kicks, ones like you ain't never seen
So why not on me?
 weather
Got spoiled to death in the hammerhead way
A year to the day!
All the world's a molecule
I know, I know
Mama died and my daddy got drunk.
And the thought of the pretty girl
And the Northern girls with the way they kiss
Now, watch the left, watch the right
'Cause we may never be here again. Ow!
Though not in vain like our forefathers
I do the Dogtown Shuffle
Got a bad little' woman, gon' bite yo' ass
There will be a blue sky.
I'm in your, ears!
Ah Can't crow before I'm out of the woods
 past the crazies on my block
Once whoa-oh-oh really touched?
Or another passing game
That single moment, babe, on a bungee jump
Burning up 
Ah-ah Senorita, do you need a friend? I'm in love with you
 who's back in circulation?
 into your eyes, that hint of depth
You did something for the first time?
, there's trouble in the wind
They'll find a cure for anything
So, why draw the line?
 pleads, "Not Guilty"
Well Oh all your dreams an' visions are based on magazines
Down at the starting line...
Oh, Lord
I need more than just words can say
I just don't wanna talk to him now
Where silence 
Like she like to fool around
Nothin' left, nothin' right, now they want a bigger bite
Change, nothin' stays the same
 of time
I will surrender, I'll surrender to my
Come on too strong, when a little's too much
When was the last time
Better show, better show your love now
One of these dark nights
Man, we was happy
 goes on the car wash wall
All they want is Jimmy baby
Show it!
Startin' up in my feet
Ans I know it's true
 make people
Send me to your room
I given you my self with no conditions
Got me on 
Come on, take me back, baby
yeah you, so you think you made it better
Some brand new groove to sink my teeth into
Inhale before you begin
There's a fire, fire, fire
Got me singin', that same old song
Told Ya!
Seems the old folks who come up short
So I asked her,
Fallin' inside my own pleasure dome
Ya got a mindful of decavities
Those were good times
Close your eyes, get on your knees and pray
Got one foot out the door
Pretty woman, I don't believe you, it must be true
Now what you think is nothin' might be somethin' after all
Higher and higher
, she don't want me around
I don't mind some stormy wheather
Oh, hooked inta her system
the islands
Oooh-oo-ooh There'll be swingin', swayin', records playin'
But now her mama's got hte eyes
Steel fingers play a deadly song
Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble. Yeah!
And in the end on dreams we will depend
Everybody needs some!
90 days on the road is what I need
Ah yeah, beautiful girls
How's never sound to you?
Once we had an easy ride an' always felt the same
Teach in turn
They said the wild boys go head to head
If I were you, and you were me
Oooh We crash on the beach
Yes, I barely survived
Fine piece o' real estate. Yeah
Ooh, lightin' up the sky
Oh! They say I'm crazy, from the wrong side of the tracks
With a Hammerhead Shark
Face down Face down
One empty floor
I been places with my face
And with any luck
Ow! Got it bad,
Needed someone to love n' hold me
 throughout
Ooh I need your love. Whaa, yeah!
And a kick in the pants
Cause I get a lot of 
I get the message, 
Time to tell the truth now, all right
My love is rotten to the core
Listen
No, don't point that thing on me
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Get get get get out and push
Now purely off the record, man...
There's a river runs here.
 on the silver screen
What are you doin' this weekend? I don't feel tardy
To do what we wanna
Without you, without you
Ahh Ow, ow, ow, she got rhythm
Dance, dance, dance the night away. Ah, ha ow!
Wrapped up nice n' tight
, the sparks will fly,
Mmmm, said a little ain't enough, baby!
, can't ever be not conceived
Here I am, ain't no man of the world, no
I'm bound for dixie
With just one look
Shyboy, shyboy, shyboy, shyboy
It's no longer me!
"If you take your 
Well, that liquor in the night time leaves strange memories
That woman's waited up all night for me again
Come the daybreak, and come tomorrow
Seems a lifetime, ooh, since yesterday
If you take your whiskey home"""
She saw the 
If we stand 
Stone soul sister, soccer mom
You won't, recognize them anymore
Broken down and dirty, dressed in rags
Don't always believe, all you need is love
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
When the band be pumpin'
Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
All I'm leavin' when it's time to go
new shoes
But he don't care
Turn your clocks back!
I'm gonna be yours in a simple...
And I've got some good ones
So, dream another dream
I'm coming to get ya
Ow! Got me on pins and needles, yes she knows
polar bear
I never got to really know you
Well, 
halfway down the interstate
Why behave in public if you're living on a playground?
Now she's working on the 
One eye on the road, 
Oh, yeah
We'll do it til we're black and blue, ow!
Yeah so damn tight
I need a wild woman
 girl, ah yeah
Oooh ooh ooh Honey I ain't through with you, woo!
 number
Dropped and chopped in Alabama Chrome
Ain't gonna talk about love
I can feel your pain
He comes from nowhere, an' he turns on his own
With the power of deity
Without a pistol
There's nothing in the streets looks any different to me and the slogans are
Let it be like yesterday
On top of the world Top of the world
Just leave your name and number in
Spring a leak
Do it til we're black and blue
Around the block, maybe once or twice
 an' jump. Jump!
Yeah, please can you shine some light?
An' it's the
You know what I'm sayin'
While your back is turned
And I can't refuse
Let's not lose that moment tonight
Sheriff said to Johnny
Sometimes I just wanna do nothin'
Oh, crossing over
Over me
Ya better call up a doctor, feelin high
So dream another dream!
Oh, I 
Love, love is the source of infection
You know Ooo-ooo-ooo my heart is true, oh
Uh-I got to have it
Haaa-ha-ha-ha!
So baby Ahh leave me alone, or baby, stay the night
Mmm, I'm stepping over
Always another train pulling into
And all the rich have ever proven
All along we were liberated from the fold, that's all and the world looks just
Apeman, ain't nobody's uncle
Walkin' down a dead-end street
And it's club dates in the sticks
He's a fightin' man, sure enough
And stand up stand up
See it's greater than everything
It was right here all the time, time, time, time!
I wanna chase you round the dance floor
Hey hey hey hey! One break, comin' up!
Baby, say I like it
Yeah-hey yeah!
You can tell 'em
Hey, I don't understand
Keep you down for the count
`cause i'm also
Need a long tall darling, mama
Hey man, that suit is you!
I got the feelin' she don't know either
Oh, I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin' things that show me
Yeah, you just smile and the picture sells
Little elvis is combat ready
World turns black and white
It's later than you think...
Hike, and keep passin'
This is home See, a gun is real easy
Pretty woman, I couldn't help but see
Aces wild yes we am
Come on, get it, get it, ow!
Re-Turn! re-turn re-turn...
Far and wide,
I love my house
Every riddle and every clue
That's what's comin' down
Ah, can't ya see what I mean?
Ooooh!
To be on my side
But her hands were always tied
But what I do know I know feels only natural
Yeah, no mercy at your feet
Dig those 
Call the boss of bigtown
Staring at the sun, searchin' for the light
From just a magazine
There goes the neighborhood...
Yes you are in danger
No I don't like what I been told
It happened just like that, wow!
And then I crashed my rent-a-car in the pouring rain
And it smelled like vicory
The aforementioned
Comin' to get ya
There ain't no power 'round
Buddy, you got womens on your mind
Awe reap!
Lyrics for "That Beatles Turn" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
Long shot lover was a real bun buster
The underground. Oh-oh
And it ain't goin' away without a fight, no!
An' tell everybody they can kiss my ass, oh yeah
Of a hungry heart
I'm gonna try em all just once before I die
Some days you're the 
If I'm wrong, hey! Then I'll pay for it
It's gettin' hard to find
Oh man, it's hard enough, yeah
Straight ahead in front of me
Because I can't repress all of these
You should try my job-
Puttin' so many in life
I say rock on. Hey! Rock on
Baby Lover
Tell a cop, tell a friend, think we hit the stoney end
I ain't that smart
Ow! Put it off until Judgement Day
Ooh, when it's love
Oh, oo-ow-oo-ow-oo-ow!
You say, I cannot get there from here, baby
So it's one for the money
Yeah! She got! She got! Me hot. Uh!
N' trust in the mercy of the sea Oooh ooh ooh
So i can make sense of
I can almost t-taste it, it burns
Bring it all right back
Leather 'cross his thighs
Down in New Orleans Dancin' in the streets
Outta love A-gi-gi-gi-gi-gain, ow!
Harmonica Solo
 me nervous
Wake the little rug rats up;
Gotta get it one more
Or you can fake it baby
I'll whisper in your dreams
Welcome to my town, my town, my town!
But she knows what that'll get her
Towards those burning sands
Blink of an eye another shooting star falls, yeah
(And some folks say)
kinda quiet dude and sure was 'sposed to be back at the house
"Fuck me like Chopin
She was a good pal
And if you turned up 
With Your Filthy Little Mouth
And I'll take the scenic route
Let's begin
With your Huckleberry Finn
, honey
How bout a little Henry Miller
position
Assume the 
Tell me what you want
Tell me that you want it
Just let go
If we both want it so bad
Right along with that special sin
Or maybe you already have
Call me sweet lordy, high-master Jesus
You can do your penance
Right where you're breathin'
Make you wanna sell your soul
And it's gotta be good
Ah don't touch that dial
Here's a word about my ex-girlfriend
I'll write a verse to this song"
Ooh yeah!
destination
All my friends now, they look up to me
So come on down and get me, honey, while you can.
When it's, good enough ta
Ooh Tell me, who ya gonna call when you need that affection?
We don't save up
All you backroom boys salute when her flag unfurls.
Yeah, the streets are a million laughs
Honey, mama,
I heard about your lessons
Lost victories long past
Just like I told you before. Uh, before
Wa wa zat !! it's about time
Heartache's all around me
Baby's on Fire
, yeah
Whoo-wee!
Time to change my galaxy in case
Stay frosty
I knoooooooooooooow oooooh
Or don't fuck me at all
You can spend my 
Come on smile and say cheese
But we still got time to go
A hot dog and a shake.
When the sheriff found him
He's got the look! Woo!
Got the feel for the wheel, keep the movin' parts clean
Big river.
When a house is divided, it just will not stand
The day is dunzo
So let's hope that mom and daddy
Woo! Ow!
He's doin' the dishes 'n moppin' up that floor Yes he is
All I need, is a beautiful girl Beautiful girl
Clap your hands together
Woman bound for glory
Gayman, looking for another
Yeah, there is a way with beauty but you never gave a love
Oh! She said:
And it's a shame to think
Mama I can be both of them I got the 
Oh, here we go! Yeah yeah
Said she tried to leave me
No distractions, I'm on a mission
We'll do the Fat Cat Shake
Uh! Hey baby, I feel good So good
Second is, there ain't no other
Got an on-ramp comin' through my 
You want to be a monk?
An' we ain't done"
Boogieman, he giving me the creeps
Without a shoulder to cry on
I'm gonna tell ya all about it
Prophylactic for you...
If everything is going your way
No mad, mad world and no mad hatters
Think quick or you're out of luck.
yeah, I'm easy
Got no room to second 
Just like the man said
Scuse me, but I'm new in town
I can't stop lovin' you Ooooo
You're gonna make me crash
Into the atom age
Ooh I need your love!
The baddest cat alive!
Miles and miles and miles from nowhere
Honey, hang on tight
And a 
Yeah, we were lauthin'
If I cannot kiss you from afar
This beat has got mixed blood
I'm a thoroughbred Less talk, more action, with no distraction Ooooo
And we had some
I journeyed to the East
The barn burnt down now I can see the moon
A live wire, barely a beginner
It solved some crackhead dealer
Can't ever be untouched
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, bottoms up
But I am doing well
Yes, I'm all fired up
One thing you must believe
Come on baby, you say yeah
All around pick up my guitar and play just like yesterday then I'll get on my
Here's a word about my ex-girlfriend
Whoa, you don't have to die an' go to heaven
She got the stereo with the big guitars
By keepin' the dream alive
When you find what you want isn't even the thing you need.
He grew up square
One light that shines
Yes I do!
I've always liked those kind of high heels, too, ya know I...
Oh! Woo!
If you want love
What the asian call
All you bad woo! bad boys. Just, call her up. Ha! Call her up
Cos I'm cold
Talk about the apolitical blues
Oh baby, this blows 'em all away
So if you seein' down my backstreets
Feel my heartbeat Ah
Yeah, there's still some fight in me
Yeah, my guise could use some refinement
North n' South, East n' West, right n' left
She wanted something to regret
You're old enough to
Ow, Top Jimmy cooks!
She ain't waiting 'til she gets older
I got the tools. I'll satisfy ya
If I'm right, yeah, you're gonna deal with it
Than your morals
Does it seem cold in here to you? Ah man
I'll try and I'll cry, even die for it
Well, call it love or call it murder
Bright lights, city lights...
So if you're feeling like
Maybe I'm crazy or just too high
But yesterday I was alone
Baby, pull the string
Someplace to feast my eyes, oh
Baby, yeah, I think that you're headed for some trouble
Love comes walkin' in
I've been rich and I've been poor
Well, I could take a little cold shot
No one talks about the times you cried
Got the finger...put it right there on the trigger
continued
Right now, it's right now
Oh baby, baby, baby, don't give up,
Are you ready for a 
The more you do it
Wow! 'Cause they love it, when me an' the boys
Has so many bad habits
Ah don't touch that dial
bring it back to Tobacco Road.
Baby, why can't this be love?
Stay frosty now.
Here she comes, full blast and top down
I really do want to go
Every beer that I pour in me
As Is is how I follow through
Oh, I, I, I tell you what love can do
I got a one track mind
Ow! Whoo! Woo!
Headless body in a topless bar
Oh oh oh oh You can feel it, yeah!
Where have all the good times gone?
No distractions
Swear to god it make ya
Now, come on baby!
That band is on the radio
I know, I don't ask for permission
Yeah, you reach for the golden ring
Tell your star reporter
Bullethead
Mucha chamiga
A Tweedle dumb and Tweedle dumber
Said, I came here to waste some time
(foxy lady)
Hear your voice again
Show your love babe
You got a hold on me
She wants a good life, ah! An' all the best
Stone you like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
It's not yours, it's not mine, no-oh
Somewhere, he lost it in a turn
They're hoping soon my kind will drop and die,
Oooh ooh ooh S-s-s-sucker Sucker
Whoa! Bbbbbbb
Power slide ain't ya heard?
Some folks say `easy come is easy go'
Picknicking hard in your moma's backyard
Uh, mama, just tell him anything
It's layin' out all night
message
We're black and blue! Uh
The ugly duckings
Love takes a little time
Who's your favourite page
Yeah! I'm feelin' over fine
Ah-ah-ah
"when I die, send the body to heaven,
The traveler don't know where he's goin'
Small world till they lose your luggage, tho'
But luckily that ain't how she sees it
You won't find me hangin' round
But it's my life
When that evenin'
Sun go down
Ain't no good life
I know the Night Life
Yeah, but it's my life
Bout some old used to be
All the people
They all just dreamin'
Just like you and me
Ain't no good life
They know the Night Life
Nothing but people
 to the blues
Yeah, but it's my life
Hear what they say
A whold boulevard of broken dreams
Listen to the blues, baby
Baby, 
Wait a minute
Don't tell me life
What's that I think I hear, I say!
Hear the guitar 
Cause I know the Night Life
Ain't no good life
Is just an empty thing
listen
And put it on your skin
First I take my finger
And then it turns to red again
Makes a little white mark
And you got nothin' to do
Come on up to the roof
And you wanna get a sunburn
So if you're lazy on a Sunday
The city's fairly steamin'
I think your nose is peelin'
The sun is hot and clear
I can taste your skin from here
Come on up to the roof
And you wanna get a Sunburn
Any Tuesday'll do
So if you're lazy on a Sunday
Looked like 
See, I was up here yesterday
Sounds like...
 upon a music paper
Gets the last line
Saw some pigeons on a power line
I wrote it down
 Manhatten
We burnt the city down here
You're Breathin' It
Dante's inferno meets the 
(Night Life)
Street Life, Night Life
 is Right
And it smelled like vicory
(Wild Life)
A lot like in the movies
Sex Life, Wild Life
Late last night
(Street Life)
(Sex Life)
Are ya scared?
Atmosphere
It makes you laugh
It makes you piss
It makes you cry
With some 
I barely made it through
 and a few CDs
new shoes
Now I don't mind some danger
So, I took a little hit
You're Breathin' It
(Night Life)
StreetLife, Night Life
(Wild Life)
Sex Life, Wild Life
Just when I'm gettin' kinda used to the taste
I saw this TV show on toxic waste
Don't have a heartattack
(Street Life)
(Sex Life)
Are ya scared?
And now a message 'bout the ozone layer
You're Breathin' It
Atmosphere
It makes you laugh
It makes you piss
It makes you cry
Never solved a thing, I differ
It solved some crackhead dealer
You're Breathin' It
StreetLife, Night Life
Down on 14th street much quicker
And if you're wondering where our homeboy is 'bout now
Sex Life, Wild Life
And if you think that violence
Don't have a heartattack
Explosions way uptown
(You're Breathin' Him...)
If I can make it there
I'm gonna be a part of it
I'm leavin' today
In old New York
Start spreadin' the news
New York, New York
These vagabond shoes are ready to stray
I make it anywhere
And I don't think the devil's
I don't think so!
Me from singing a blue streak, no
Empty pockets never stopped
Ever gonna give me back
Hey mean old gal
Yes I did, baby
It's like a full time 
Yeah I'm the same old number
You know the cross-town bus just rolled
But we still got time to go
'Cause stayin' 'round here takes patience
occupation
I've become a diplomaniac
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Yeah I'm believing that you needin' yo relaxation
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
I don't think so mama!
but honey tell me can you tell that story twice?
No it ain't, no it ain't baby!
I think ya better get it all ready girl
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
; and then I kissed her
'Cause there's a function at the junction,
Yes I am!
See I was born without a silver spoon But I'm gonna make a stir
And was singin' it
On her daddy's boat and shot accross the lake
One summer 
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
One summer break Same summer that I kissed her
On her daddy's boat and shot across the lake Yeah!
Baby, PLEASE!! Little ain't enough, aw yeah, Wow!
Mmmm, said a little ain't enough, baby!
No it ain't baby, no it ain't!
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Just a paradise on a roll
Well, look at me
Fatality on a Saturday night
Well, honey I know you never satisfied
Is this a blessing in disguise?
Right between the eyes
Got me in her sights
You better...
C'Mon and take the fat chance
Sit back and let it all unfold
This ain't suicide
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
Not how much you make
how much
 to me
Is it good for you, 'cause it's good for me!
And you can tell 'em last night
You say you don't wanna dance
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Shut yo' mouth an' hit the floor
That it's all 
You Better...
How's your love life, how's your sister
And blame it all on rock'n'roll
Ooh, I can't resist
Honey 
 you spend, baby
That you was blind to see
Is this the one that gets away?
Well, lemme tell ya my friend
listen
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Talkin' about me, baby
Shoot it, Shoot it
Is it good for you, it's good for me!
Want some good clean fun?
You say you don't wanna dance
Well, I heard you play with guns
But you can trust in me
Don't cry wolf too many times, baby
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Honey listen to me
An' I see you got a vacancy!
Whoo! Dressed to the nines
Shut yo' mouth an' hit the floor
And you can tell 'em last night
And blame it all on rock'n'roll
That you was blind to see
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
I'm just a movin' target, mama
You pull yo gun, you better...
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Is it good for you, 'cause it's great for me!
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
Is it good for you?
Set 'em up, Shoot 'em down
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
It's unbelievably spectacular from over here, baby...
A friend in need, I love ya honey!
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
I can't deny that woman is mine, all right
Between trouble an' my Lady Luck
Clear off the beaten path
I'm off an' runnin'
But I know that I ain't comin' back
But I can't wait to get there
Don't know where I'm goin'
will tell
Sometimes I laugh to win
Aww yeah!
An' only time 
I don't know where I'm goin'
Cause he who laughs lasts
Casts a magic spell
Time after time I'm walkin' the line
Will I make that turn?
I see the headlights burnin'
Only time will tell!
And ride 'em cowboy that we did
She liked to ride 'em 
Between trouble an' my Lady Luck
cowboy
Who can take me, baby?
Who can tell it well?
Lady Luck
More than most could stand
Don't sing me ballads
Then she found another man
Pass the buck an' live it up
Lady Luck, yeah!
Life's a game for me
Who can race me child?
Time after time I'm walkin' the line
I can't deny that woman is mine, all right
So don't throw that book at me
She said...
Now baby please, baby...Please!
Mine all right
I'm hot!!
Whoa, all right...
Baby please...
Never leave me Lady Luck
Woh, yeah, Lady of mine, yeah
Ow...all right
Lady Luck
Aww right!
I seen your behind, aw yeah
Hear the light'nin', whoa yeah
Trouble ahead, trouble behind
Oooh, baby
All right
Lady luck, I tried to please tho'
Trouble ahead, Trouble behind
And fear the thunder, whoa yeah
'Fore ya float that arc
You better save me a space
Kings lay with whores
Well, it's time to go
Whoa yeah, the Hammerhead Shark
And a time of grief
Now, now now Johnny liked to drink and fight
Yeah the world was wicked
And their 
It was a time of trouble
Noah said to his missus
 were cold
For my hammerhead shark
hearts
And begat thieves
And he raised big hell every Saturday night
Lord said to Noah
You musta rumbled it up
Mmm, the Hammerhead Shark
By the time I could teach him
Honey, I'm in love with a Hammerhead Shark"
double stack thunder
And told her these words
Oh Takers need a giver, this much we understand
Got the fearin', power steerin'
Go ahead
I wanna chase you cross the dance floor at that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
Once dawn, can't ever be not light
Sound a little bit absurd. Hey! And a little too late
I have those same dreams
But ask yourself later
To east L.A.
Lose the dress
I don't wanna drive alone tonight
That's the thing about self-improvement
I know you never thought about it
Looked me in the eye
My blinders up
The debris meets the sea
More value, pass the buck.
Well, things got bad and things got worse
I'll freeze the smile on your face
High crime zone, in the city o' lights
I was leavin' but I'm thinkin' that I ougtha stay, yeah
I see it comin'
If I'm right, yeah you're gonna hear about it
Big dreamers never sleep (No they don't)
Look beyond the kung-fu fighting.
By any means necessary
Been a puppet, pirate, a poet, a pauper, a pawn and a king.
 I'm checkin' out, I think you oughta know
That when you 
On the rest of me
Outta love Oh! Once again, ahhh
You're afraid of the dark
Did ya break a heart, like little girls often do?
Time rools on
that station: and I'll be smilin' again
Sure, we was acting like a couple of kids
And there's a short supply of her fine, fine stuff
Well we're gonna 
But before we do
 it right
White collared conservative flashing down the street,
Ooo-oo-ooo
Gotta make the choice
I'm the one you want
I'm easy,
At the 'leventh hour I'm goin' back outside
 and a few CDs
Never say die!
Oh girl, do it, come on
None of 'em know it
So, I took a little hit
I look good and I'm funny, so why'm I lonesome honey
Of any city thoughts and city ways
Clarinet Solo
Turn your radios on
To change your life, to lose your place in time
Now do you talk the talk?
I can never be free
A little more volume in the headphones please...
Vampire
 the seventh seal
We'll do lunch on the cutting floor
You better find yourself a friend, my friend
Ow! Come on and finish me!
How deep does a rabbit hole go?
Ooh, I'm just a pushover
I'm on a mission
Coin of the realm
And I know you know I got no special plans Special plans
Before it makes me sick
Well East coast girls are hip
Whoo! Sweet little wishbone, oh yeah
Let me count the ways you rock my world
Ow! Hey, hey, hey!
Beggin' you baby, beggin' on my bended knees I'm on my knees
Be love?
His platform could I endorse
Leather 'cross his thigh
And who's that standin' there in the corner?
That's what's comin' down On my butt, anyway. Heh heh
A fire!
Guitar
There ain't a promise that you won't make
I said, "Hey, you never know" And the hula girls go...(ahhh)
Now, every 
Catch as catch, catch as catch can
source
On the 
She up and left and I almost died
 to a sea shell
Some self-made guy gets it in the ass
Daddy didn't need no little toys
And I'd love to get to know the natives
Great ones for living under
And he didn't even stop the show
I wanna tell you now
Gonna fix it so you never leave
Produce it, better use it
And then they went and they 
Just a shark on the street mama
I am you and you are me
Do you? Ooo! Do You? Yeah
Go west young man? Aww rite!!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
"Honey read the small 
Right up the middle
Satisfaction guaranteed
Tight as a fiddle string
You'll slip right down her drain
Extra point and you're never the same
the game
Touchdown and that's 
Graspin' straws an' that ain't all
Try it once but easy does it!
Drop at a time is all ya need
Shot right through the brain
Try it twice, ya gotta love it!
And her hot pants started late
Had a sunny disposition
No I did not hesitate
And a somewhat shady past
She said, Look, just don't touch it!"""
Don't you worry bout the morning
Every time I bloomed again
You really got me Whoa-oh
Come on Dave, gimme a break
Pretty woman, say you'll stay with me
Dream another dream Dream another dream
Are you sporting 
But I, I don't never let it get me down
Guys gotta see it
You are near
You gotta cook a lot of rice."
Well I'm running wild, lost control
I, I'm naturally wired
Oh Lord, I heard the shotgun
Whuh! Whuh! Whuh! Whuh!
Don't tell me what love can do, uh
Silver lights shinin' down
Wax it on down
 times have you said to yourself,
Head over heels
Ya ought'ta be goin'
Well, they gotcha comin' in, they gotcha goin' out
Strongman, yeah he knows how to cry
Try and figure you out
Returning home of the prodigal
Love, love, love, love is the source of infection
The ocean breezes cool my mind
Alright! Alright!
Now that I've found you
You wanna play? 
One love so fine
Just to try to make herself feel better
You go there once, you'll be there twice
There's a trick to Christian values
Aw, yeah!
They comin' out for sure
And now your message from above
Ow-oh! Hey, you! Who said that? Baby, how you been?
I don't care, I just--
Don't you know how much I make?
Ooh I need your love, baby take me home
Somebody get me a doctor. Ooh, ooh!
Turn me up real loud
Oh, what a fool believes
Me why
I'm a slave to all my desires
Move it slowly
Alright!
Needed a girl but I was just too lazy
Ah-ah. Summer nights Well let's talk about love
Humans Being!
But none better
It's just the calm before the storm
This is the right time,
They told me it was Chairman Mao-oh
You're facing the wrong lane
As in "must 
Ow! It's a rip-off
You a sugar mamma
All dressed up in your mother's clothes
Sure could be a mighty long time
Top Jimmy
Knows how the system can be beat
Had me all worked up inside
Take me
Enough with the inner city
I can jump, be the sacrifice
Really ain't got nobody, sad and lonesome
Standin' on top of the world
Ooh I, Ooh I need, got to have that love
No, I don't wana hear what love can do
That's the trouble with never
Tat look in her eyes
I can't wait, to feel your lovin' tonight, ah yeah!
I'll get hung up on the line. Hey!
And get a little breakfast
So now you got a good reason
'Fore I can even make it through the night
Yeah, but you just gorra 
Put it off Oh! Whoa yeah! On Judgement Day, hey!
late night still life,
Well, my telephone is ringin'
When it comes to trouble bustin'
the week
There goes my beeper
All you bad, bad boys
Cops and robers
Well how can I believe?
It's really just the way we sing it sing it
It's been a long time, overtime
Girl Ooooh. Oh! Oh! Yeah!
Ain't got nobody, waitin' at home
All about your disease
No more growing codependent over you
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out. Yeah
Come see your 
Love it when he rolls his eyes!
It's got what it takes
Like pouring salt on an 
Anybody in their right mind could see, it's you and me
Say it like ya mean it!
I'm on fire, woo!
Well, I'm sick an' tired of cleanin' room. Oh!
When love'll come or go
In your chat room
Yeah, I heard the shotgun
and all we found was his hat in a clearing
Myself and my family aside if we happen to be left half alive I'll get all my
They gotcha comin' in, they gotcha goin' out
No good, no good, no good Ah-hah!
One god, one country
She took her clothes off
Oooh I wanna crash on the beach
So tell the folks at home
Ev'ryone sing a little bit, ah!
Are you 
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight. Aw yeah!
At an early age he hits the street
And there's nothin' you can't handle.
Sometimes a straight line
record
Got a bad lil' woman gon' bite yo' ass
Go see baby now!
Now don't be too slow
It makes me blue
Stakes have never been higher
You must come back to me
On her daddy's boat and shot accross the lake
I'm gonna be your dark stranger
Wearin' out my welcome, 
Touchdown miami
Now they all call him Sweet Papa Willy Dear
They finally tore the old schoolhouse down
I know what you're thinkin'
Now you're workin' for the man. Yeah
Right behind in the rearview mirror now
Now I'm saved, by a higher voice
And if you're wondering where our homeboy is 'bout now
Tomorrow morning
So good
Hero's aren't born, they're cornered
Come on an' take the time
To hear your voice again
Baby, baby, wha-ha-ha! Still love
All these 
Loop-de-loop
Ow! Uh-Oh! Whoa yeah!
What you're thinkin' is easy to see
Than anyone
Oh, please can you shine some light?
Like i do mine
Mike! Mike! What was that shit you gave me last night?
The thumbprint of a greater being
One, two three, four
'Cuz it's a rip-off
We'll do it til we're black and blue
Whoa! Oh!
And spinning and turning
Clean-cut classy gal
Easier to push instead of pull
That funny feelin' again windin'
Hey-hey-hey! Oh!
Looks more like a warning than an example
Yeah, my freezer's just hummin'
Daddy's little sweety after some damn rainbow
'N baby you've got somethin'
, available, available, I am free, I am.
I'm on fire Wooooooo!
Mmm, mmm-hmm
When the resurrection comes,
Oooh Make love in the sea
Her feet are makin' tracks in the winter snows
It said "Open my eyes. Leave it all behind."
'Cuz that's one thing I learned from these guys, I must confess
You got! You got! You got! You got!
An' they told me it was Chairman Mao
So I'm helping her find an apartment
And then you're down
'Cuz you can't get this stuff no more-ah!
Unimpressed a great degree
I don't care 'bout the way that you're treatin' me
Through the ice into the fire
Ooh-ooh, when it's love
Nearly broken in two
Man, that band can really go.
Said If you're doin' business with me, honey...
Cuz you can't Ahh-ahh-ahh get this stuff no more
I'm only wastin' time, I think I better go
Beats workin'
Jump little texas in the mix
Well, here goes one more drop in the bucket!
You broke every heart
Down, down, down, down, down, down
Woo-hoo-oo! Runnin' with the devil
Don't pretend that its not fun
They knock me out when I'm down there
Maybe you're standing still
Fools, I live with fools. Wow!
For a little while
Yeah, baby. How to say...Well lemme tell ya about this one time
I feel good So good So good, so good
Ooh. Ah. It goes like this
And I told her one night, "Honey every time we fight
Lookin' for a direction
And the dreams in between
Ow! Yeah!
Well I tried to be good,
Standin' there Ahh-ahh
I never really knew
I've been reading what the bloggers say
They say, "Ya coulda least faked it, boy"
Ooooooo-oh!
And now we're wastin' time Now we're wastin' time
Hang up the phone
Oh! Ooh, yes I'm hot
Got me a 
Just enough for you
Press against your lips, taste the sweetness
And pray we don't get fooled again don't get fooled again no, no!
Adlib walkie-talkie banter
 as loud as war
Mihgt be more...
Broken now, I can't help but feel
Waitin' for love to rescue me
Come on Dave, gimme a 
Once it's decided, a line drawn in the sand
Eighty acres of one stop shopping
A million ways to make love
Remember dancing on the pier last night?
I'm gonna do it all in one big pot Big pot
Whoo-whee! You'll get some leg tonight for sure!
Honney for the life of me
SShha!
Fuck man!
Filled me up inside or felt like mine
Life is hard, never soft
Now that they've seen it
You got ta' throw it down and roll it over once, maybe twice
, how many, say I
I'm normally insolvent
Swim a lil faster, mama
And I'm bleedin', like no one else will ever know
Rivera couch that is...
For the distance between us
Put berries on bananas I need a second helping
Come on, take me down, down, down, down
Class dismissed!
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out
Some friends of mine, just the other night
To feel
Dancin' in the streets
What your image means
Love 'em all I says
Suppose you wait forever
Puttin' the flames out
Woo! Come here, baby. Come here. Woo!
Says he's hittin' bottom
Come here you
Yeah, can you talk the talk, baby?
Temporarily pacified!
I been sitting here 'bout half the night, ah
The future's looking brigher
Tell me what you gonna do
Some o' that big money. Oh yeah
Vocal ad lib until fade
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Woo! All right. Ow!
Get it higher
the back
Wanna be
There's a richer man
Ow! Her movies get down like you won't find in my hometown
 landlord
How long
Sad and lonesome all the time
Little texas
And I know you're in love Oh, women in love
What do you think the teacher's gonna 
On every wall and place my fearsome name is hung
Woo! Woo!
Growin' up rusty shack,
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Woo! Oh!
To feel your touch
Hot pants, mm.. nasty.
No distractions. Uh!
Cause this lucky penny is gonna land heads up
Don't like the middle squeezin' me
Told them to tell you honey just how fine you are, yes
Ahhh yeah!
Catch that smile and I hit the roof
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
No candidate would I support
Acrobatic
bedroom
Well, guess who's back in circulation?
I will not be denied
Where the folks who know about frostiness,
Gonna bite your little butt
In the groove, on the go, you know. Ah yeah
Baby, just come on, come on, come on
button
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy, yes
Honey! I'm the one, the one you love
Well, I ain't about to go to school
Shots as clean as a mean goal-getter
I don't need the back door 
And it's not my point of view
Thought I had it made
Lemme see you walk the walk!
It ain't goin' away, no
Lemme see ya do it one time...
children
Round and around
No way
Keep that in mind, when we say goodbye
Don't wanna talk about love
Oh, no
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now
Blackman, he lookin' for justice
 Ahh-hah! Yeah!
Ooh, how does it feel when it' love?
There's a fire in the hole hey hey hey hey hey
Replaced, by-the-bye and the parting on the left are now parting on the right
It's a world of fools
Four days from now
Homegrown, homegrown, down-home
Somebody get me a doctor. Oh, yeah!
Familiar faces, familiar sights
Ha-oh, ah-uh-oh
Woo! Where'd you get that shit?
and make it bump and grind.
You'll have the blues not me
two, three
I know what you need Ooh!
Cool upon the silent sea
I can drop below zero any moment, baby
Hey baby, woo! Make it nice 'n sweet. Ooh!
Yes it is
Beep bop belula bitty bop shoo wow!
I d- I d-don't wanna talk to him now, no
Bum-ba-deeda-bum-ba-deeda bum-ba-deeda bum-ba-deeda 
Let's have some funzo
Too bad and I can't help you
Leave it all behind
Hey hey hey! Uh!
Special Little somethin'? Mmm
takin' care of the music biz
, ha-ha-ha Understand
And bringin' down the walls
Good lookin' here I go
Oooh ooh ooh Baby I ain't through with you
I sell protection for a price
Communication 
n' that's as it should be
Or even suspect it
So take me down to the virgin spring
In your time of need
Ooh yeah! Ow-ow!
Come on, let me take you down
Big train maybe you're standing still
You lay your sanity on the line
But I 
And he ain!t talkin'
Reaching out, reaching out
It's a burn, or an opportunity
You're not that kind of girl
"Cause she's good enough, good enough ta huh!
I can't get enough, I can't get enough
Guitar Solo
Lookit here man. You got any specials here tonight
What's that? What? Rack a what?
Well, I'll have some of that!
Me and the fellas might be interested in?
Hey waitress!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo!
Yeah! But I ain't no fool, and honey I know a good thing
Uh, come on, come on, come on, come on
Cause she's
I'll be the first to say, that I'm blind to 
Good thing
And she's comin' now she's-a comin'
the world
Just can't see
Blind to the world
'Cause I'm two days gone, and I just can't see
She's good enough!
Good enough!
Good, good, good
Good enough to fl-owwwwww!
An' I can't recall any love at all
Oh, tell me where to begin
Felt so much. Hey!
Oh baby, this blows 'em all away
'Cause I never ever
Hey, I don't know
That funny feelin' again windin'
Whoa, here it comes
Me up inside
Every time we touch
Can't this be love?
Me why
It's got what it takes
 oh tell
So tell me why can't this be love?
Straight from my 
I'll get hung up on the line. Hey!
Be damned if
I tell myself,
Time will tell
If we stand 
the test
 of time
Hey! Only fools rush in"" an' only"
Ah-ah Ah, hot summer nights, that's my time of the year-ow!
Are you lonely just like me?
What'ya done?
disease
I'm pointing at an "A&P"
That cowgirl shirt she wore contained a lot of fallout
Talkin' dirty, dressin' clean, dancin' nasty by the record machine
Face in the sun.
Nobody, nobody, nobody
Ha-oh, ah-ah-ah
Out of love! Outta love Again
I got puddin' pie, 
Oh! I ain't goin' around sayin' things about you
Bear the cross just like Jesus Christ
And I think I like
Feels like something's getting right
 doin' that ol', the Cabo Wabo, hah!
Oh man, I think the clock is slow
Now you are solar powered
And this corner is where we write the story
Now gimme, gimme, gimme Big money some o' that big money Money. Woo!
Oh! Oh! Come on and show me!
All my big 
Oh You make conversation, but she's listening to your cash
And now your 
 goes on
Baby make it bigger
knives
Yeah, don't look at me baby
Baby, open up this door before I freeze.
Lord, what I'm seein'
We'd have heaven right here on earth. Woo!
That's how it goes...
It's not enough to fill me up
Yeah, if this love has got you down
Big Bad Bill don't fight anymore No, no, no
Ooh, well a sayin' that you're leavin'
 Make it work
I've fallen deep into
And I'm feeling my way
 times does somebody lie
Don't waste time
Yeah, it's up to me
Yes, mmm better take my chances
Got to make this romance last that's it, that's it
Preoccupied purely with the physical
Josephina, there's so much I want to know
Where's it gonna come from? Who's it gonna go to?
beginnings
Don't say, don't say, don't say...
That it's something I can't fight
We're stepped on and cheated
Hahhhhh
She ain't about to give an inch of ground, no!
Superman, he looking for Lois
You better call up the ambulance I'm, deep in 
When heavy is the weight of the world
Touched on that feelin' for an 
With no distraction Ooooo
1-900-SPANKED! You bad bad bad boys. Just call her up
It's something I can't fight
when I'm back on top in the month of June.
Pumpin' up for 
We came... we came... we came through blood and fire
There'll be a two drink minimum.
My girl's fluorescent
Little girl from Cherry Lawn
And I think I like, like a hound dog, chasin' a bird
1-900-SPANKED! All you bad, bad boys
Loss of control
Got to have it. Ow!
The sword or the pen
Movin' up and down She choked the chain
Grease it up and turn on the heat
But honey, if you're needin' a woman just as bad as me
Yes I did
, and she knows
But just 
Ooh-yeah!
Uh! Uh! Uh!
Downtown after hours
Nobody cares for me, nobody, nobody cares for me
When was the last time baby?
Forked tongue in double speak
Ooh, got some real fine pound...poundcake. Ah
I heard the news baby
And I'm coming to from all points in between
Now I walk like someone else, hey!
You've turned into someone else.
Like when the car don't start
You can change your mind
Turn it back
You know I'm up for breakfast so early in the morning
You don't want that sugar daddy
And I, I'm tired o' hearin' what love can do
Miles and miles and miles and miles
I have a blacklight
She's 
Turned here an' gone, from on the go
are you an engineer?
Uh! Get up Get up make it work Make it work
I'm under your spell
This is Yes-ah home, the only one I know
When she walks, 
And you don't know what that means
Wow! She's good enough
In my cleanest dirty jeans
My "West Coast Host"
I forgot...,
I look back and I wonder
This house of pain
William
Get-get-get-get-get out and push
Spinning up my 
And your photo goes on the car wash wall
For what it was worth
This dream is over, over Dream another dream
So don't you try to put no m-m-m-m-m-m-mojo
Look at this black book, it's loaded with 
Right behind in the rearview 
Callin' out, around the world
Ooh, we're comin' out tonight
Come on baby, finish what ya started
Nobody, nobody, no one, no one
Yeah the joint be jumpin'
I'm tired of livin' up to what people expect me to be
Ooo, an' I'm sick an' tired of Golden Rules, ah!
Never wait. Never wait. Never wait.
Like a tongue on fire, no one can tame
Say it!
What I'm seein'
Outta love Whoa-wow! Once again
down by the Seven Eleven.
What's your name, honey? What's your--hey! Hey, where ya goin'?
Yeah
 it harder
Can't this be love?
I am the reason
Wired! naturally wired, oh
Ooh yeah! This woman in love. In love. In love, ooh yeah!
Big double take, but ya keep on walkin', uh!
Keepin' me temporarily satisfied
And he don't come home for half 
One you might have missed.
Guns and guitars
Oh my God!
For dancin' in the 
Okay, ya ready to go?
I'll send the 
Everybody's lookin' for somethin'
smooch
I got no love, no love you'd call real
Available, available, available, I am free, I am.
You don't need no tricks
A luckyman don't always know who they are
brand new
cracked
Fake it, boy Ooh, stranger, boy
Rock on. Rock on. Oh, oh, oh
Rollin'.
Your love starts fallin' down
The grass is never greener an' there plenty around
Let's get the party started
To love somebody equally
The point i'm trying to make
In Mother Earth's soul, not yet
We do the hell out of it-
I'm a lucid vision
Yes I did, baby
Movin' up and down Can't get away
He's doin the dishes an' moppin' up that floor Yes he is
Yeah, tell the truth now
Got me all fired up
Senorita Don't you know that you can dance with me, anytime?
Got me a date with a supermodel. Ha ha ha
I just wanna sink my teeth in that
Just Ahh-ahh-ahh sing a song and think 'bout 
Woo! Sucker in a 3 piece
I don't care, I don't care.
Yes the cradle, cradle will rock
Then love can pick you right back up
Whoo! Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah
 that's where I'll be
If you want love if you want peace,
Not a peep from your little kids
skills
There was a mischievous look, behind that smile?
Can't help it that's the kind of guy I am
Yeah, can you shine the light?
It all goes clear
Can you shine the light?
And I lay awake
Don't pretend that its your first time
Well, I was first one to get in
I'm livin' with the aftershock
An' we were sittin' ducks for the police man
The life I'm livin' ain't mine
Now no one's talking 'bout those crazy days gone by
I know, I know I figured "Fuck it"
Yeah. You mean, you mean my wife's closet
There's a full moon out tonight. Baby, let's begin
How 'bout a 9 on a 10 scale
Put it off, until Judgement Day
Oh, yeah! Ya-yeah!
You know Ooo-ooo-ooo my heart is true, oh-oh!
The sword or the pen can be
Will I still be lovin' you? Uh!
Nobody rules these streets at night but me
The same and history ain't changed 'cause the banners, they are flown in the
and this one will do just fine.
Put that butter on my biscuit honey to my melons
 with you
In the heat of the summer
Beggin' you baby, beggin' on my bended knees On my knees
I've been through hell and back again
I wanna be your knight
All seven senses tryin' to deliver
I don't wanna hear about it later I do what I want to
Blind man follows
Land's End, you'd have to see it
Josephina, would you lay down your defenses?
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah!
I was feelin' next to awesome
But uh, ah she just lookin' good
Said, "Don't make me say this twice:
Show your
Love! Love is the source of infection
Ah, she sure got my attention
 too long and I can't help you
 the tune
But it remains to be seen
Doing the rounds
Well, right now I think it's time
Right On! We'll let it shine! Get Up!
Tell me what is wrong
A bitter pill, and an overcast
That's how we do biz
Could it ever be too much?
Tried a little bit of everything
On, Judgement Day
It's alive
Full of party girls with damaged lives
Yeah I'm the same old number
he said, "You're messin' with the mayor's 
Little bit o' luck never hurt no one
All your dreams are strange
first name
We're in deep, deep water, 'less I missed my mark
I'm more that just a victim
Woo, woo!
Conductor don't like it, says, "You're wastin' your time"
Big train gets movin'
And this world can disagree
Uh uh uh uh uh
Does it return the favour?
Yeah, Josephina!
Can't help myself
Light up the sky
Woo! Ah pretty maids all in a row
Cuz we've got perfect timing
Candyman, yeah the candyman can
Never gonna change
Screaming electric green
But one night's all we're given
She's walking back to me
I admit it's true
beginners
Watch me know, watch me know
Ooh, woman and a woman, now the silly games you play, yeah
Just kill the pain or numb my brain
Only adventures i regret
Never for all with you
It seems like forty days and forty nights
Oh, you 
Has somewhat changed the place
An' it feels so nice So nice Woo!
Ow! Ow!
He told me so
I'm called: Thug Pop. Thug Pop.
Oh baby, baby, baby don't give up,
All over 
You break this, I'll break all that
Baby I'm checkin' out, I think you oughta know, yeah
Who's that unexpected company?
Oh baby, I'll be there. Yeah!
Yeah we could come together
I got more than I wanted, but how is still a mystery
It's hard to tell, when innocence comes and goes
Don't let this get around to the outside
We can push with all our might, but nothin's gonna come
Oh you 
Whoa baby please, Yeah I can't take it anymore. Whoa!
 it up to you big time!
Reach up to the feet of God
A lot of folks been blown away
She had her toes in the sand and whoa! Ha, ha
Ain't talkin' 'bout love
He travels light, without a 
I'm on fire
Land's edge,
Me, I can't get enough, I can't get enough
Badness bringing up the rear, the menace is loose again
500 horses and a chrysler mill
It's not so easy to find, no
Ow! Smoke this, eat that, my old lady's gettin' fat
My baby ran off with my best friend
They gotcha goin' in. They gotcha comin' out
Been up, down, I know one thing:
Almost ended up blind Some only see what they wanna see
Gold tooth reflecting.
Once whoa, really touched?
Gotta get lucky, gotta get that done
Oh, baby come back
You say that love has got you down
That rat race licked
Hello!
Round and round Ohhhhh!
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! meet the new boss same as the old boss
We drink Mescal right from the bottle
Wooo-oooo-oooo
 her bags and leave
Suddenly I walked you home
Oooh Fits paradise to a T. Woo!
Ahhhhhhhhh!
How about a great big slice for me
Hey were's your get up and go?
Yeah, Yeah!
It's all I need
Get her out of my mind
So when I go to the movies
Ahh! Runnin' with the devil Ahh-hah! Yeah!
No, I can't recall any thing at all
Big, big money!
Ever gonna give me back
Gonna drive on in
Cuz satisfyin' you is the thing that gets me off
But she will never stay
How ya gonna tell me
It's the hardest thing, oh Lord
Now I'm the last one out
the game
Hey man, there was a line behind me
Just enough for you...
Ow! Woo! Oh!
Look what that does to me
And they take me places
I like to 
Undress, stay awhile.
Ow! Get up and make it work Make it work
And all those rock `n' rollers
Too close to mommy
If there's a tear in your eye,
They're on the internet
She gets along Let alone She's premium
It's not so easy to find, no, no
And if you wanna take a chance and go down crazy
I'm singin', I'm dancin', most every night
Got no love, no love you'd call real
Right here and now
Humans Being That's what makes us
Think I got it now
Ah, there's still some fight in me
I thought I saw you from a distance
Whoa! Got it bad,
Slip flop slippin up...got me dripping
I didn't know about this school
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-be doo-be doo-whum
It's so hard when love is blind.
Ah I've learned my 
Whoa, yeah
The babysitter and me got biz
But I don't have glasses
Slow to forgive, when you're holding a grudge
There were just the gigolos
Keep your eyes wide open, babe
Stone me like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
'Cause I never ever
Who Ooh-ooh cares about the clouds when we're together
I dig both and I don't care which
She can't then nothin' else can
Of the 
Ah, can't ya see me standin' here
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Some days you're the hydrant
The closest to a cow she'd been was eating at McDonald's
Black and blue
On top of the world, oh yeah
Oh, woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo!
When I blow this tomb with a view, yeah, all right
Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble
You're lying to yourself
You ain't too civilized, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Go back, Hell no!
And I ain't afraid to use it now!
Oh, look out!
But she don't like the way I dress
Now, I'm broken down and dirty, dressed in rags
Position's always been a little left of cynical
Are at a triple feature
And John Paul's all bullet proof
Down at the starting line
Still cookin' with that old time, long lost recipe
 with a wink-a your eye
 the place,
Protected the turf without obstructing the view
Ain't as funny as it may seem,
So, here's two rules
Now look at all of the people here tonight...
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
I just d-do-don't wanna take no calls-uh
 for keeps down here, they're the living dead
I got my back against the 
Ahh, the crazy things we used to do
Dinner at the 
To feel you
contact
1-800-SEE YA...
Yeah. Come on
Well, call me 40 Below
Always keep her by my side
Oh Looks just like an angel, but he just talkin' trash
With the "when ya comin' bcack?"
Hey! Oh, me, I been working up an appetite
Fire in the hole hey hey hey hey hey
Talk about meanwhile
Gotta stoop to conquer me
Get it back
Like a hound dog chasing a bird
Oh, oh! Got the big deal in the back of a limo, uh hey
meanest blues around
Can you beliee that was you?
A little luck and attitude
And now a message 'bout the ozone layer
Chant it like a mantra...
Try it twice, ya gotta love it!
Uh, just to try to make herself feel better
To my master I become a slave
or a passanger,
Best believe that need will hurt you
Ah too, too far
We're in for a very long night
I'll protect you baby with my elephant gun
I got everything you wanted
Good, God y'all
Kickin' down, but where to start
I'm a-beggin' a-you
Lick up one side an' down the other
Black and blue Got ta, got ta, got ta 
Ah-ah. Summer nights You wanna talk about love?
We can't throw this all away
Wait a second, man
It's not work that makes it work, oh
Oh, women in love
An' I know I've had enough
Destiny's a complicated thing
Poorman, he just want a little
'Cause you and your blues
Are you alright?
Ahh Never bad enough to crucify me
Woman get crazy, if she can't go
Sure gave me a mighty long time
Help me find that miracle
I ain't complainin', you do the best with what you got.
I don't need so much to remember
Well, I'm a bum in the sun and I'm havin' fun
Was worth exploring
But you can try me at home, if it feels all right
I'm a skyscraper
Listen to a beer glass
Top Jimmy cooks!
Talk to Me!
Still like the air, in a whitewash tomb
And now I know it's time
No calls baby
Well, pump it up, pump it up
The salty days are hers and mine
Felt so much. Hey!
Wow, Go- Go- Here we go-
Babe, I'm alone and, I'm on the highway
No light at the end of the tunnel
Boldly going nowhere
Fever starts to climb, reaching 105
Oh oh oh oh Oh, when it's love
I'm a peek-a-boy, looking at girls
Nmmmmmm dip dip Mmmmnnnnmm
And bad girl boxers
Wanna see my ID? Try to 
'Til a brown-skinned woman's bobbed his hair
An' she gives me a 
String Solo
dreams
If I were you, if you were me
An' it's the final bell for pushing broom. Oh-oh!
My intentions are bad
Bright lights, Old Fights
Pretty smile
Now wouldn't it be a real drag if we were all the same?
That's human way
Explosions way uptown
Just to love you
Yes I tried the telefhone
She said she's tired of watchin' me fall down He-he-he-yuh!
Ah yeah, beautiful girl
You're not a stranger
Feelin', what no one else will ever know
or do you make it up as you go?
I tell myself,
It was...
We came here to entertain you
Yeah, my telephone is ringin'
If i produce it
Is this just a little something
 I'll go on home, it's late
There'll be dancin', dancin' in the street
I never see them, but they're always so far back, oh
You Ahh-ahh-ahh serve up the truth, don't want it anymore
Ah my my my
Oh no, nothin's gonna change
Give in and learn it from the aftershock
But I feel that way all the time
The West coast has the sunshine
Big train and you're wonderin' if you ever will
I know that everything in America
Oh, we're the lost generation
I like the little way the line runs up the back of the stockings
Blind inspiration
Let's not stop soon
I'm miles and miles from nowhere
If you want love give to live
My train your station
Let me take you down
And I'm comin' to you from All points in between
She don't like it when it's cut n' dry
A night for romance
Got a different kind of truth
Outside, Out of line!
Dancin' in the street
Stick your face in the artic blast
I'll bear the bear the cross cross
And all that you've lost, it's not all that you've gained. no
I found the real thing is poundcake
I came into this thing with an open mind
This ain't no party, this ain't no show
So suit up for the game!
Yeah, the wetter the better
Found that girl with a lonesome john
Third rail can't stand it
That I'm absolutely certain both's all right
Ah, ha!
Yeah, ya stand in line ya got lost in a jet 
I am a victim of the science age
Looked like a long lost friend
How many times have you said to yourself,
Yes I have
Hidden inside
 a mind blow!
Well your famous last words
Out the back door
 thru me
occasion
Or couldn't keep quiet, when she needed a hug
Something, I'd never imply
Searching for their slice of heaven
I pay for three
Rooms without doors open for me. Oh, no!
Talkin' about good times
Got some cream on my bananas need a second helping
Yeah, the 
Oh my, my, I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by
You can change your friends, your place in life
An' I said "Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does"
Oooh So Cabo Wabo
Whiteman, tryin' to get a tan
I'm here standing still
Mmm, so if you want it, got to bleed for it baby
That you weren't meant for me.... ohhhhh
If I had it all to do
Now her name is up in lights
I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna I ain't gonna
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah Whoo!
Asthe saying goes
Can't keep a good man down
Ha! Ah! Yeah
If the cards are on the table
Ahhhhh...
Something reached out and touched me
An' yo' booty's froze
Seems no one's talking 'bout those crazy days gone past
Have you seen her? So fine and pretty
Lost in this pleasure dome
So you think that i got no respect
All I know
Her attitude
 with our children at our feet and the morals
'N winds up tired with who he meets
 up. Come on give me six on the half-shell
You can always tell the winners
It's a just about time
, I'll pay ya for it, what the fuck?
Straight on up to her lunch pail
Ow-ah, anything you want, any dirty deeds
Woman, just wanna fly in first class
Oh oh! A "so what?" scene, but to me it don't matter
Oh baby, 
Stand up and say "Hey! This is mine!"
Ooh Now who ya gonna call when you need that special
Yesterday
Faucet pouring, fresh 'n' bitter
 this place
Come see your children, yeah
Everybody wants some!
I get up, and nothin' gets me down
I hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight
 will set you free
A chance for the folks to meet
 into place. No!
The only one I want want
Oooh ow!
It's always been there
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, bay-yeah!
Whoa-oh Ah Come on g-girl, dance the night away
Oh! Ooh baby, take your whiskey home, yeah!
'Til we meet again some other day
I shook hands with the devil
But I'm only flesh and blood
Tastes as sweet as soda pop
We're not defeated. No!
Stop stop
You know it's more than just an 
To love somebody tenderly
To love somebody hopelessly It hurts so much
To everyone who reads
doin' the Cabo Wabo, ow!
Uh doin' all you can to make me sad n' blue, wow!
Woo-hoo! Take a look at this!
You better call me a doctor, feelin' no pain
shoo-be doo-be doo-be do-whum
Cross the burger shop floor
Everyone's looking for something
Yes, it's love in the third degree
Got a hold on me
Slide behind the wheel
Ah- I ain't gonna' tow the line
pins and needles
I think of all the education that I've missed
, to satisfy-uh
Stamp my feet
We're just Humans That's what makes us
said I'm easy
She knew he'd forget her
Tattoo-tattoo
Say what?
Lost, in my own pleasure dome
Ooooo-oh!
Now I'm hangin' ten now baby
Meet you half the way
Tell me why, oh Lord, you're crossing over
Where silence speaks as loud as war
Ah, yeah
Stop dreamin' and start drivin', Stevie
the answer
After the avalanche
So, this is love? Well she finally kissed me
Na na na-ah na na repeat to end
Gimme big fat money
Ooooh yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
I have your 
In need of gentle care
Uh! An', and I got somethin'
Big train or is the train doin sixty, baby
How many say I, how many say I
He just a sucker Sucker
I'm laying naked with ya
I see it rolling off of you
Fatman, he's ordering seconds
When I'm startin' off with nothin'
Ain't nothin' like it
Hello baby! Hah!
Oh man, I ain't got a clue 
No one can look as good as you
Oh yeah, hey. What they, where he'd get that clothes?
I'm on fire Woo! Woo!
You turn and swear Ahh-ahh-ahh it's everywhere
Me up inside
Does not the bit, bridle the horse
Honey baby Hampton's bitch
Ooh! I like it
Like the dawn of a 
Ooh, mama, see the firelights
Well, I can tell you a few 
Ah, lazy eyes in the summer heat
uh! Oh-ow!
It means everything
I only wanna be by your side
Famous last words
Don't their business take good care of me?
Wide open spaces
Yeah, he won't let you pass
I've known fast livin' and I know wine, women
Says, "Girl you lost your mind?
Now quickly, check the hands on the clock
A man on a mission, up ahead
I got no distractions
It makes you laugh
Place come to life every night, nooo!
Whole lotta Shakespeare going on and on and on
Oh, sleep and dream; that's all I crave
Love! Love is the 
Musta lied 'cause I ain't leavin'
We outta space
Gimme truth, gimme somethin' real
Please, don't ever let me be
I said, that's life. That's Life
A little Zen
Oh, crossing over....
No matter what they say, I, ha, disagree
Wha-oh-a-wha-oh-wha-oh
 for me. Woo!
The one with the showroom shine
It said "Open your eyes. Leave it all behind."
When you're reachin' for stars
Daddy's good, good little girl
We'll be having good times
Baby's b-b-burnin'
Learn to dance
1-800-GUITAR
But I know Joe didn't go to heaven, no.
I got for you
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground
They're lighting up the skies
If I cannot hear you from afar
So honey Ahh leave me alone, or I may be stayin' the night
You know that you want it oh, oh oh
Drown my faith in Trinity, yeah
reunion
But everybody wants some!
What's it gonna take to liberate?
Woo-hoo! Take a 
Panama, Panama. Wow!
Honey baby sweetie doll
Uh uh uhuh yeah. In n' out
practice
Philadelphia, PA Dancin' in the street
Oh, little darlin', now come on
She's mine and, ain't lettin' go
Danger in the rearview 
Show your love
I'm always extreme
 get their kicks
No, I, I, I can't say when your time is through
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
And I love to feel her Each and every night
Never time to do it right
And i can't sing
Oh! Have you ever been touched?
You can hear the sea.
Ain't going to Heaven anytime soon
 o' anything
I'm a man on a mission
Aw, ha!
Well I'm a lovin' the horn baby
Throw my rope
I just 
They're in the pasture
Only to surrender
You gotta give, give more than you take
Every time we touch
Are we gonna be late
Might cost you less to stick around
I feel good, woo! So good
A fella never can tell
And I was up there frequently
Yeah! With more time to kill
Oh, why draw the line?
Hey, you got a point there This is fat!
I don't talk in front of the kids
Risin' from 
Gibe 'em hell tonight
Dead or alive, uh-aah!
Cause I get a lot of practice
And then you sense a change
I've had it with you and your blues
by the masses
We'll see the light
I suggest you 
Just as long as she drive me home
Or I don't want one at all
Baby don't you worry, you ain't gotta play no fool
Talk to me babe
in air conditioning
Runnin' with the devil Woo!
No it ain't baby, no it ain't!
Yeah dreams come true
Everybody!
breeze
They do it everyday now
Let `em roll one more time
That's all I ever need. Uh-huh
It's always been there, standin' there
Love hurts you sometimes
A little bit o' heaven right here on earth, oh
Ooh, baby baby
 come true
How many times does somebody lie
I could sock it to ya non-stop, baby
Like i do mine-
Me from singing a blue streak, no
Pencil weenie in elephant clothes
I like to take each step, one by one
Into the starry night
Outta touch most the time
She wore a whole lot of not enough
You can't get romantic on a subway line
Got me a long night ahead
That's what's on my mind
Keep the motor runnin'
Yes, I'm sorry babe
Oh man, I ain't got a clue how to get out
Uh no, no, no
Level with me Baby!
How this younger generation swings
We can change the things we say, and do any time
He drove a pickup and wore no underwear
They found a dirty-faced kid in a garbage can
Wow! Dealin' with your troubles drove me away-eyay yeah
Say you're gonna leave me
Ah, yeah!
Shiftless and the crazy
Whoa! I ain't lyin' to ya
 I better save my breath. Wow!
They try an' drum him outta town
And that freezin' snow is gettin' old, hey!
Hey, watch the left, watch the right
A-stripping and stumbling across a land full of miracles
As are the stars, I only have you
Adlib jungle sounds
Down to Cabo, woo!
Those colors fading to grey
Well, there's a 
A slice at a time Wha-oh yeah!
And... BOOM!
Got an on-ramp comin' through my bedroom
Won't-cha turn your head my way?
Is the front of an oncoming train.
Ooo, puttin' the flames out!
Please don't nail me baby
Oh the drums 
Trouble busting through
Oh, well ah, said you were leavin'
, but it's all the same
And you keep tryin' Buddy you keep tryin'
Baby like it or not
See; the meek shall inherit shit.
 in an empty room
It's looking like the city towed
Now come on baby, make me feel good
Stand up, stan up
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
When it come to lovin'
You break my balls with all your crap
That train be rollin' not me, I'm going before wine and
It's all about...
Ah, fill me up, I'm never satisfied
N' pray for the mercy of the sea Oooh ooh ooh
Cause these are good times
Kickin' back, ain't kickin' you, no no!
Well just spread your wings
Ain't even worh a song
What's there to do tonight? Anything?
And I'll tell you what I'm getting rid of next
I got no taste
Gimme some o' that, gimme some o' that
Chew before swallowing pride
All the way, they got you down
Standin' on broken dreams
You just believe a little
To hear what the preacher said.
I roll like the ocean
Man, I don't see no problem
And it smells so bad
Give me liberty or give me death
Stone cold sugar daddy
Baby, you're no good Ow!
It's about time we lay it out there on the line
He comes from nowhere an' he turns on his own
You know we do
An empty hand reaching out for someone
In brand new alligator shoes
That's right!
The pendulum will swing, swing into power
And now when I go drivin' by
Touched love?
Yes I'm livin' at a pace that kills
I do a lot of thinkin', some I shouldn't think about
Oh, miles and miles. Oh, yeah!
Since you went away
Indeedido
Reaching out
Some desert island off Morocco
Inside of me
Integrity and self-respect?
Woo! Now come on, now come on So nice
That's right, go ahead, suck it all up Right down to the last drop
In a 3 piece
With just one wish ya can't refuse
Straight up we'll climb
, without love
But I'm high on luck
laughter
I think I'm gonna 
Said a lie to me
Aww right!
Guess that makes me three.
Yeah, but it takes me at least halfway to the label
If we could have the best of both worlds
got lucky in a cheap 
Please
It's gonna heal you
Let's them play in the moment
When it's love, baby
Lookin' for love at the back of a taxi,
I ain't fooled
Spend my money
Oooh ooh ooh Black and blue, ow!
Cause I'm gonna make it
James Dean and Hermie Fox!
Doncha wanna go?
Save all the tears you've cried
I just slide ooh slide on by ooh-ooh
It's gettin' late I don't know `Bout 3 a.m.
Oooh-oooh Yeah. Little dreamer
Ah-ah Well that's all we need, baby. Don'tcha know? Summer nights
I'll write a verse to this song"
At night I walk this stinkin' 
Every inch of you looks like a lady
The only one I want the one I want
Oh, I don't! Wanna. I made my due, look at me
Hey yeah!
And if I must, well in, God I trust
Ain't no way I'm sittin' home tonight
Well, they say it's kinda frightnin'
beginner
You never really know
I'll meet you down at Ooh-ooh the ole fishin' hole
Well I gave her seven 
Stay frosty.
Unless your love is tried and true
Well, my telephone is ringin', they told me
A stone bald head Sucker
Dancin' in the street, oh!
Alittle taste I can't stop
This is Yes-ah home, only one I know
Around the world, searchin' every corner
 upon his head
Well, I been workin' since a ten of nine
"Don't tell me that you love me
And she loves you when you're leavin'
Falls on deaf ears
And she'll leave you if you stay
She says...
King for a million years
You'll hate me for hearning it
And the tides rise and a distant sigh
Her vision makes you every inch a king
When I drift away."
You ain't going nowhere tonight.
Show me your 
Well I'm a Bullethead
 in a 
Same ol' pickup lines Same ol' pick up lines
And it's a shame to see
Drop dead legs
On the stage, off my strings, down my face
Oh, wow, man, I said
Now say it isn't so, baby
I said, "My, my, my"
All this and more you see
If ya wanna be with me
Click my heels
I'll just, I'll just love you
After making love
Of all of these my favourite things...
Ahhah!
, when you just don't know
Holdin' back, yeah I got control
Sppirits risin
Oh, we'll get higher and higher
Let's do this bottle right!
Yeah, we're runnin' a little bit hot tonight
You're a horrible, horrible girl...
Wha-oh! Ahh-ahh-ahh Can't get that stuff no more!
Well, ain't life grand when ya finally hit it?
Huh! She want a sucker Sucker
And a buck is all you earn
Is this just a passing fancy
Here's 100 beans a minute where the back says.
Don't let this get around, to the outside
 times we've tried
Ow! Get up and 
Come on, pay the 
Walk me down to the wishin' well
She got a rainbow that touches her shoulder
Didn't you? Didn't you?
And you're beautiful babe, don't never shave
As long as I remember, bills have looked me in the eye
Ah, ha ha! Uh, uh!
 dream
Satisfaction guaranteed
They want big fat money
She's the woman sing it
Love once?
The jury 
All the bills are paid, I got it made in the shade
Right now
Run, run, run away
I'll get her!
Well, they gotcha goin' in, they gotcha comin' out
Oh oh oh oh Yeah, you can feel it
Turn this thing around
Are two comedians
Ooh, oh baby!
 As Is"
Late last night
Better save the women and children first. Yes, ah
Gimme some o' that
Wanting their piece of the pie
Keep that in mind when we say goodbye
Ooh! And I'm alone, I'm on the highway
Here i are!
They may talk about you cold when you were
Some of us still do
Maybe that's better
And the beards have all grown longer overnight I'll tip my hat to the new
You and I, we're gonna feel this thing together
Ahh Care or even, why should I try?
Ah, Text me baby!
Go see baby now! Ah, ha-ha!
I feel you breathin'
They don't understand how it can be
We celebrate when the gang's all here
Ready for the town
Uh-ah uh-ho ho-ow!
Great is the forest, set by a small flame
Hey, never's good for me
I like....
Yesterday, I saw my love light shine
You got me so I can't sleep at 
How else am I to know, that all the while
You see I'm beggin' you please
And livin' in harmony
Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
good man
Next year I'll head out for the coast
 my television, almost lost my mind
get free
You get a fast crash course
They break your heart so damn easy
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Oh-whee
But maybe I just will
Spread that butter on my biscuit honey to my melon
I love 'em! I need 'em!
Require's a degree of acceptance
Me Wise Magic
And somebody else's rules
And now we're wastin' time Ow! Now we're wastin' time
When my axe cuts me deep, I let it bleed
All in all my aim is better
Then I don't care where I'm goin'
Stay frostiest the most.
Better 
A moment in time
he said, "You're messin' with the mayor's daughter."
Pumping it up, pumping it up
It's just something you feel together
We're flat stone cold lied to
Why you leavin' me again?
You never can say
Just like I told you before. Yeah, before
Set me loose
Ooh Well just a-hang your love line in her direction. Whoa
I can drive
So clear your head, find a way home
Bumper sticker on my rocket's ass
Feeling sick
Once present, can't ever be past
As I ride your sonic, ooh-wave
Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
That's when push come to shove
but lessons are so cold
It's just somethin' you feel together
Hot sweet sticky
The future ain't what it used to be
Let's take a walk down Easy Street
Hey! It'll last forever
She don't work for free
 that lady go
Wind at my back,
I'm all conditioned, what I say
I told her "Never in hell, no special reason"
Kabbalah
And you grab one
Everytime you make it
Ah! Baby please, can't take it anymore
Your's very truly'
Oh, you're talkin' bout your leavin'
And now everybody wanna go. Woo!
I made up my mind, yes
Turn your clock back
Some Casablanca gin joint
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out. Woo!
Same amount, woo!
I wanna know why can't this
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Don't touch me there, okay? Just don't do that, okay?
I travel far across the milky way
But all of your addictions
Spread your wings and 
She's good enough
Pretty woman, talk awhile
That's if accidental angels
And I'm try'n to conform to other's ideas
Come on baby show your love
Dance baby!
Panama, Panama oh-oh-oh-oh
Only deeper year after year
And when her sleepy eyes
I don't belong to any race
To be done down by the crossroads
This ain't never been new, babe, child. Ow!
A year to the day
Unchained!
Yeah you, you know that nothing lasts forever
No way to 
speaks
She's a no limits
We got heaven right here on Earth
Baby please, yeah!
My advice is free.
El presidente
You're no good, no good, no good
All the words on the wall look the same in the 
Every minute counts and you play both sides of the law
And you're the one I want the one I want
I brought my pencil
Wanna play some love with them human toys
I need a change, I need it quick
We'll have our cake and eat it too
You can always tell the 
Anyway, if I make 'em, I'll solve 'em
Jimmy on the television
Josephina, if I asked you, would you tell me?
You a desperate woman, need a man with a gun
From new york city to east L.A.
I just wanna feel like it's mine all mine
Ah, yeah-ah!
Why don't you come with me
But do i love you?
She said
Trust in Allah
I will call for you
A little lovin'
What does that make you?
I know you believe in me
Baby, you're no good. Whoa oh-ooh
It's a spank line. Yeah! oh! Ow
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Lemme hold that
There must be some kind of way
Crank up the drums, crank out the bass
Somethin' special, gimme someone new
Ah-ah Hot summer nights, you're my time of the year-ow!
Every body needs a friend one friend,
Don't say, don't say, don't say, don't say...
And I ain't cryin' about the love I been payin' for
Mousewife to momshell in the time it took to get that new tattoo
An' I'll be whippin' in your window
Crank up my Les Paul in your face
One more crazy night
I know the difference
Ya know, your sugar daddy
Pretty woman, won't you pardon me?
 on. Hold on, I'm runnin'! Ah, yeah!
Somebody get me a doctor
Look out your window
Come on, Ah every guy, grab your girl, everywhere, 'round the world
Woman with the way you do
Ah come on baby Dance the night away Hey, hey yeah!
Purple mountain's majesty show me you, I'll show you me
Ain't gonna dust no broom
You're on a Big train
Now it's getting harder to ignore me
And then something crazy happens
 baby. Ssss, ooh, ow, ah, uh
 I'll never learn
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now Moppin' up that floor!
If you could see
Put it off, put it off, until Judgement Day
puzzle
To love somebody foolishly Can happen once
 was rough and tough he would strut his stuff
Better save the women and children first
I don't wanna hear about that, no-ay!
Just like I told you before! Before! Uh, before! Uh, before! Before!
A Buddhist riff
When was it?
Just like the army
Dream another dream
You often wonder
Right now catch that magic moment
gallery
You'll be brownin' your Bermudas
Hey! Hey, hey! Wait a minute, wait a min... Oh!
Ha-yeah!
The assurance only hope can bring
Trouble-free Earth despocrats made
And so an early age he hits the street
Now I ain't sayin' that I'm never gonna beg you
An' I say rock on. Oh, say, rock on
Rudder of ship, which sets the course
So honey cut to the 
And the river runs a little too deep
Don't you waste my time my time, my time
Burnin' up the town
I don't wanna hear about it later Do what I want to you
Uh! The harder the better
Go on, set 'em up, up
"Same as 
But careful with those feet.
 Dave, but for you it's free."
Is my old blue jeans
'Cause I only tie you up
recipe
Ask him a question
You have to hear me say
Oh-ow!
Ha-ha-ha! Yeh-hey
Below the belt
Pretty soon you just might
President went to Congress, here's what he said:
Here i come-
Can't forget the Motor City Dancin' in the streets
Except for, for a subtle 
Well are you prepared for your very last breath?
Sucker in a 3 piece
Your storms and lullablies
Oh, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
'Cause you know, I wanna be
Just trade in one for another
Oh baby, come on
Would you rather 
Straight through my eyes
Miss a beat, you lose a rhythm
No middleman. No 
Catch a wave
Aw! Girl Say. Say. Uh!
She givin' me the runaround, yeah. Ow! Round round round round
The more I look, my world keeps gettin' smaller
 it, watch it!
Tried to tell you babe
Then lend me your ear
'Cause she's good enough, good enough ta
Hey hey hey hey!
Now baby, let me fill you up inside Up inside
I will show you all around
Been up and down and over and out and I know one thing:
Love comes walkin' in, yeah!
She's so fine
and you're runnin'
Goin' wide Oooh
Is not enough, it's not enough
Crop is gone, left only chaff
I'm talkin' good times (yessir)
Swim away baby!
Talkin' lethal fantasy
Seems no one's talkin' 'bout the crazy days gone past
Ain't got no money, got no house on the hill
Ready, set, go!
You got to give more than you take
But never alone with you
Ow, yeah! Uh!
N' she knew better
Uncomfortable in the realm of the political
Smokin' mountain got to blow
The way I want to now
Get your feet back on the ground
Feel like throwin' in the towel?
Uh! Sure feels good, wow! Uh!
Mistress of the coming flood.
You ain't going home tonight.
I want the best of both worlds
N' she made the mountains sing
Let me hear ya!
Teach you your final love 
The time of your life,
'Cause I've got more bad habits than anyone
You put your heart on the line.
Baby, you're no good. Oooh yeah
I still feel it
How 'bout you?
 the tide roll in
Well, then let it show
Slipped a little off your pace. Oh!
Help me
Their 19th Nervous Breakdown
Jump back, what's that sound?
Earth returns to what it was before
They'll run you til you d-d-d-drop
Oh, this dream is over
I drive just like you!
And I don't think the devil's
Big train time gets movin'
Been tokin'...been sippin'
The ballot or the bullet
Don't wanna break her in half
Fore Ahh-ahh-ahh patience runs her course?
That they worship will be gone and the men who spurred us on sit in judgement
The camera rolls, she's willing
And I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
Might as well jump. Jump!
Now you feel like i'm wasting your time,
This is Mean Street Lord, strike that poor boy down!
Well this must be my favourite chorus
Sure seem like a mighty long time
Don't you dare start what you cannot finish
Sleep on the couch instead
And then say I love you, but aren't willing to show
Throw your headphones on
One, two, three, four
Nothin' lost, so tell me how can I lose? Ha
