

The First Book of Moses:  Called Genesis


1:1 In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.

1:2 And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon
the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the
waters.

1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

1:4 And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light
from the darkness.

1:5 And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night.
And the evening and the morning were the first day.

1:6 And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters,
and let it divide the waters from the waters.

1:7 And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were
under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament:
and it was so.

1:8 And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the
morning were the second day.

1:9 And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together
unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.

1:10 And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of
the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.

1:11 And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding
seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is
in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.

1:12 And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after
his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:13 And the evening and the morning were the third day.

1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven
to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for
seasons, and for days, and years: 1:15 And let them be for lights in
the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was
so.

1:16 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day,
and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.

1:17 And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light
upon the earth, 1:18 And to rule over the day and over the night, and
to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.

1:19 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.

1:20 And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving
creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the
open firmament of heaven.

1:21 And God created great whales, and every living creature that
moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind,
and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:22 And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill
the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.

1:23 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.

1:24 And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after
his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his
kind: and it was so.

1:25 And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle
after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:26 And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness:
and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl
of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over
every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

1:27 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created
he him; male and female created he them.

1:28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and
multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion
over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every
living thing that moveth upon the earth.

1:29 And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed,
which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which
is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

1:30 And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air,
and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is
life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.

1:31 And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was
very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.

2:1 Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of
them.

2:2 And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and
he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.

2:3 And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that
in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.

2:4 These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when
they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the
heavens, 2:5 And every plant of the field before it was in the earth,
and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not
caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the
ground.

2:6 But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole
face of the ground.

2:7 And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and
breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living
soul.

2:8 And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he
put the man whom he had formed.

2:9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is
pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the
midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

2:10 And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence
it was parted, and became into four heads.

2:11 The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the
whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 2:12 And the gold of that
land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.

2:13 And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that
compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.

2:14 And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which
goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.

2:15 And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of
Eden to dress it and to keep it.

2:16 And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the
garden thou mayest freely eat: 2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge
of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou
eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.

2:18 And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be
alone; I will make him an help meet for him.

2:19 And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the
field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see
what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living
creature, that was the name thereof.

2:20 And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air,
and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an
help meet for him.

2:21 And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he
slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead
thereof; 2:22 And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made
he a woman, and brought her unto the man.

2:23 And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my
flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.

2:24 Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall
cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.

2:25 And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not
ashamed.

3:1 Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which
the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said,
Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?  3:2 And the woman said
unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:
3:3 But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden,
God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest
ye die.

3:4 And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die: 3:5
For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall
be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.

3:6 And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that
it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one
wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto
her husband with her; and he did eat.

3:7 And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they
were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves
aprons.

3:8 And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in
the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the
presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.

3:9 And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art
thou?  3:10 And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was
afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.

3:11 And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten
of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?
3:12 And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she
gave me of the tree, and I did eat.

3:13 And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast
done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.

3:14 And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done
this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the
field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the
days of thy life: 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the
woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head,
and thou shalt bruise his heel.

3:16 Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and
thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy
desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.

3:17 And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice
of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee,
saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake;
in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; 3:18 Thorns
also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the
herb of the field; 3:19 In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread,
till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for
dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.

3:20 And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother
of all living.

3:21 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of
skins, and clothed them.

3:22 And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to
know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also
of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: 3:23 Therefore the
LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground
from whence he was taken.

3:24 So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden
of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep
the way of the tree of life.

4:1 And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and
said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.

4:2 And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of
sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.

4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the
fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of
the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his
offering: 4:5 But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect.
And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.

4:6 And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy
countenance fallen?  4:7 If thou doest well, shalt thou not be
accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto
thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.

4:8 And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when
they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother,
and slew him.

4:9 And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he
said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?  4:10 And he said, What
hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from
the ground.

4:11 And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her
mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; 4:12 When thou
tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her
strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.

4:13 And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can
bear.

4:14 Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the
earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and
a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one
that findeth me shall slay me.

4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain,
vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark
upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.

4:16 And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the
land of Nod, on the east of Eden.

4:17 And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he
builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his
son, Enoch.

4:18 And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and
Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.

4:19 And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah,
and the name of the other Zillah.

4:20 And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents,
and of such as have cattle.

4:21 And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such
as handle the harp and organ.

4:22 And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every
artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.

4:23 And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice;
ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: for I have slain a man to
my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.

4:24 If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and
sevenfold.

4:25 And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his
name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead
of Abel, whom Cain slew.

4:26 And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his
name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD.

5:1 This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God
created man, in the likeness of God made he him; 5:2 Male and female
created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the
day when they were created.

5:3 And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his
own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth: 5:4 And
the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years:
and he begat sons and daughters: 5:5 And all the days that Adam lived
were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died.

5:6 And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos: 5:7 And
Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and
begat sons and daughters: 5:8 And all the days of Seth were nine
hundred and twelve years: and he died.

5:9 And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan: 5:10 And Enos lived
after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons
and daughters: 5:11 And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and
five years: and he died.

5:12 And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel: 5:13 And
Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years,
and begat sons and daughters: 5:14 And all the days of Cainan were
nine hundred and ten years: and he died.

5:15 And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: 5:16
And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:17 And all the days of
Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died.

5:18 And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat
Enoch: 5:19 And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years,
and begat sons and daughters: 5:20 And all the days of Jared were nine
hundred sixty and two years: and he died.

5:21 And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: 5:22
And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:23 And all the days of Enoch
were three hundred sixty and five years: 5:24 And Enoch walked with
God: and he was not; for God took him.

5:25 And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat
Lamech.

5:26 And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty
and two years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:27 And all the days of
Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.

5:28 And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a
son: 5:29 And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort
us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground
which the LORD hath cursed.

5:30 And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:31 And all the days of Lamech
were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.

5:32 And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham,
and Japheth.

6:1 And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the
earth, and daughters were born unto them, 6:2 That the sons of God saw
the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of
all which they chose.

6:3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for
that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty
years.

6:4 There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that,
when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare
children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of
renown.

6:5 And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and
that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil
continually.

6:6 And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it
grieved him at his heart.

6:7 And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the
face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and
the fowls of the air; for it repenteth me that I have made them.

6:8 But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.

6:9 These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect
in his generations, and Noah walked with God.

6:10 And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.

6:11 The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled
with violence.

6:12 And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for
all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.

6:13 And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me;
for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I
will destroy them with the earth.

6:14 Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the
ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.

6:15 And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of: The length
of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty
cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.

6:16 A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou
finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side
thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.

6:17 And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the
earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under
heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.

6:18 But with thee will I establish my covenant; and thou shalt come
into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives
with thee.

6:19 And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt
thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be
male and female.

6:20 Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of
every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every sort
shall come unto thee, to keep them alive.

6:21 And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and thou shalt
gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them.

6:22 Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did
he.

7:1 And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the
ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.

7:2 Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male
and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and
his female.

7:3 Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to
keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.

7:4 For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth
forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have
made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.

7:5 And Noah did according unto all that the LORD commanded him.

7:6 And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was
upon the earth.

7:7 And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives
with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.

7:8 Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls,
and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth, 7:9 There went in two
and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had
commanded Noah.

7:10 And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the
flood were upon the earth.

7:11 In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month,
the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains
of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.

7:12 And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights.

7:13 In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth,
the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons
with them, into the ark; 7:14 They, and every beast after his kind,
and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that
creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind,
every bird of every sort.

7:15 And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all
flesh, wherein is the breath of life.

7:16 And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as
God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.

7:17 And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters
increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth.

7:18 And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the
earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters.

7:19 And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the
high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered.

7:20 Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains
were covered.

7:21 And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and
of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth
upon the earth, and every man: 7:22 All in whose nostrils was the
breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.

7:23 And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face
of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the
fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah
only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.

7:24 And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty
days.

8:1 And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the
cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over
the earth, and the waters asswaged; 8:2 The fountains also of the deep
and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was
restrained; 8:3 And the waters returned from off the earth
continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the
waters were abated.

8:4 And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of
the month, upon the mountains of Ararat.

8:5 And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the
tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the
mountains seen.

8:6 And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the
window of the ark which he had made: 8:7 And he sent forth a raven,
which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off
the earth.

8:8 Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were
abated from off the face of the ground; 8:9 But the dove found no rest
for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for
the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his
hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark.

8:10 And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the
dove out of the ark; 8:11 And the dove came in to him in the evening;
and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that
the waters were abated from off the earth.

8:12 And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove;
which returned not again unto him any more.

8:13 And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the
first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from
off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked,
and, behold, the face of the ground was dry.

8:14 And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the
month, was the earth dried.

8:15 And God spake unto Noah, saying, 8:16 Go forth of the ark, thou,
and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee.

8:17 Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee, of
all flesh, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing
that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the
earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth.

8:18 And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons'
wives with him: 8:19 Every beast, every creeping thing, and every
fowl, and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth, after their kinds, went
forth out of the ark.

8:20 And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD; and took of every clean
beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the
altar.

8:21 And the LORD smelled a sweet savour; and the LORD said in his
heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake; for
the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I
again smite any more every thing living, as I have done.

8:22 While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and
heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.

9:1 And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be
fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.

9:2 And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast
of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth
upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are
they delivered.

9:3 Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the
green herb have I given you all things.

9:4 But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall
ye not eat.

9:5 And surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of
every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of
every man's brother will I require the life of man.

9:6 Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in
the image of God made he man.

9:7 And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in
the earth, and multiply therein.

9:8 And God spake unto Noah, and to his sons with him, saying, 9:9 And
I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after
you; 9:10 And with every living creature that is with you, of the
fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from
all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth.

9:11 And I will establish my covenant with you, neither shall all
flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood; neither shall
there any more be a flood to destroy the earth.

9:12 And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make
between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for
perpetual generations: 9:13 I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall
be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.

9:14 And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth,
that the bow shall be seen in the cloud: 9:15 And I will remember my
covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all
flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all
flesh.

9:16 And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that
I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living
creature of all flesh that is upon the earth.

9:17 And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which
I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.

9:18 And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and
Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.

9:19 These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth
overspread.

9:20 And Noah began to be an husbandman, and he planted a vineyard:
9:21 And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered
within his tent.

9:22 And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father,
and told his two brethren without.

9:23 And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their
shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their
father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's
nakedness.

9:24 And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his younger son had
done unto him.

9:25 And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be
unto his brethren.

9:26 And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be
his servant.

9:27 God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of
Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.

9:28 And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years.

9:29 And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and
he died.

10:1 Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and
Japheth: and unto them were sons born after the flood.

10:2 The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and
Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.

10:3 And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.

10:4 And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and
Dodanim.

10:5 By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands;
every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.

10:6 And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan.

10:7 And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah,
and Sabtechah: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.

10:8 And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth.

10:9 He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said,
Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD.

10:10 And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and
Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar.

10:11 Out of that land went forth Asshur, and builded Nineveh, and the
city Rehoboth, and Calah, 10:12 And Resen between Nineveh and Calah:
the same is a great city.

10:13 And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
10:14 And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and
Caphtorim.

10:15 And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth, 10:16 And the
Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite, 10:17 And the Hivite,
and the Arkite, and the Sinite, 10:18 And the Arvadite, and the
Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the
Canaanites spread abroad.

10:19 And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as thou comest
to Gerar, unto Gaza; as thou goest, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and
Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha.

10:20 These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their
tongues, in their countries, and in their nations.

10:21 Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the
brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born.

10:22 The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud,
and Aram.

10:23 And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash.

10:24 And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber.

10:25 And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of one was Peleg; for
in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan.

10:26 And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and
Jerah, 10:27 And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, 10:28 And Obal, and
Abimael, and Sheba, 10:29 And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these
were the sons of Joktan.

10:30 And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest unto Sephar a
mount of the east.

10:31 These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their
tongues, in their lands, after their nations.

10:32 These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their
generations, in their nations: and by these were the nations divided
in the earth after the flood.

11:1 And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.

11:2 And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they
found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there.

11:3 And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn
them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for
morter.

11:4 And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose
top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be
scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.

11:5 And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the
children of men builded.

11:6 And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all
one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be
restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.

11:7 Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that
they may not understand one another's speech.

11:8 So the LORD scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of
all the earth: and they left off to build the city.

11:9 Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did
there confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did the
LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth.

11:10 These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years
old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood: 11:11 And Shem
lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and
daughters.

11:12 And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah: 11:13
And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years,
and begat sons and daughters.

11:14 And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber: 11:15 And Salah
lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons
and daughters.

11:16 And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg: 11:17 And
Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and
begat sons and daughters.

11:18 And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu: 11:19 And Peleg
lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons
and daughters.

11:20 And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: 11:21 And
Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat
sons and daughters.

11:22 And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor: 11:23 And Serug
lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and
daughters.

11:24 And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah: 11:25
And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years,
and begat sons and daughters.

11:26 And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and
Haran.

11:27 Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram,
Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot.

11:28 And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his
nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees.

11:29 And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife
was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of
Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah.

11:30 But Sarai was barren; she had no child.

11:31 And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son's
son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they
went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of
Canaan; and they came unto Haran, and dwelt there.

11:32 And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah
died in Haran.

12:1 Now the LORD had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country,
and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I
will shew thee: 12:2 And I will make of thee a great nation, and I
will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a
blessing: 12:3 And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him
that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be
blessed.

12:4 So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went
with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed
out of Haran.

12:5 And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all
their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had
gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan;
and into the land of Canaan they came.

12:6 And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Sichem, unto
the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land.

12:7 And the LORD appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I
give this land: and there builded he an altar unto the LORD, who
appeared unto him.

12:8 And he removed from thence unto a mountain on the east of Bethel,
and pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Hai on the east:
and there he builded an altar unto the LORD, and called upon the name
of the LORD.

12:9 And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south.

12:10 And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into
Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine was grievous in the land.

12:11 And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt,
that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a
fair woman to look upon: 12:12 Therefore it shall come to pass, when
the Egyptians shall see thee, that they shall say, This is his wife:
and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive.

12:13 Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with
me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee.

12:14 And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the
Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.

12:15 The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before
Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house.

12:16 And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and
oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses,
and camels.

12:17 And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues
because of Sarai Abram's wife.

12:18 And Pharaoh called Abram and said, What is this that thou hast
done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife?  12:19
Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to
wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.

12:20 And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him
away, and his wife, and all that he had.

13:1 And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he
had, and Lot with him, into the south.

13:2 And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold.

13:3 And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, unto
the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and
Hai; 13:4 Unto the place of the altar, which he had make there at the
first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD.

13:5 And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and
tents.

13:6 And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell
together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell
together.

13:7 And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram's cattle and
the herdmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite
dwelled then in the land.

13:8 And Abram said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee,
between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we be
brethren.

13:9 Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee,
from me: if thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right;
or if thou depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left.

13:10 And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan,
that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom
and Gomorrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt,
as thou comest unto Zoar.

13:11 Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan; and Lot journeyed
east: and they separated themselves the one from the other.

13:12 Abram dwelled in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelled in the
cities of the plain, and pitched his tent toward Sodom.

13:13 But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD
exceedingly.

13:14 And the LORD said unto Abram, after that Lot was separated from
him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art
northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward: 13:15 For all
the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for
ever.

13:16 And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a
man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be
numbered.

13:17 Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the
breadth of it; for I will give it unto thee.

13:18 Then Abram removed his tent, and came and dwelt in the plain of
Mamre, which is in Hebron, and built there an altar unto the LORD.

14:1 And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar,
Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of
nations; 14:2 That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with
Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of
Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar.

14:3 All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is
the salt sea.

14:4 Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year
they rebelled.

14:5 And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that
were with him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the
Zuzims in Ham, and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim, 14:6 And the
Horites in their mount Seir, unto Elparan, which is by the wilderness.

14:7 And they returned, and came to Enmishpat, which is Kadesh, and
smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that
dwelt in Hazezontamar.

14:8 And there went out the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah,
and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela
(the same is Zoar;) and they joined battle with them in the vale of
Siddim; 14:9 With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and with Tidal king
of nations, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar;
four kings with five.

14:10 And the vale of Siddim was full of slimepits; and the kings of
Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled
to the mountain.

14:11 And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their
victuals, and went their way.

14:12 And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in Sodom,
and his goods, and departed.

14:13 And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew;
for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and
brother of Aner: and these were confederate with Abram.

14:14 And when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive, he
armed his trained servants, born in his own house, three hundred and
eighteen, and pursued them unto Dan.

14:15 And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by
night, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the
left hand of Damascus.

14:16 And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his
brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people.

14:17 And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from
the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at
the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's dale.

14:18 And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and
he was the priest of the most high God.

14:19 And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high
God, possessor of heaven and earth: 14:20 And blessed be the most high
God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him
tithes of all.

14:21 And the king of Sodom said unto Abram, Give me the persons, and
take the goods to thyself.

14:22 And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lift up mine hand
unto the LORD, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth,
14:23 That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet, and
that I will not take any thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say,
I have made Abram rich: 14:24 Save only that which the young men have
eaten, and the portion of the men which went with me, Aner, Eshcol,
and Mamre; let them take their portion.

15:1 After these things the word of the LORD came unto Abram in a
vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding
great reward.

15:2 And Abram said, LORD God, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go
childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus?
15:3 And Abram said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and, lo,
one born in my house is mine heir.

15:4 And, behold, the word of the LORD came unto him, saying, This
shall not be thine heir; but he that shall come forth out of thine own
bowels shall be thine heir.

15:5 And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward
heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to number them: and he
said unto him, So shall thy seed be.

15:6 And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for
righteousness.

15:7 And he said unto him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of Ur
of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it.

15:8 And he said, LORD God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit
it?  15:9 And he said unto him, Take me an heifer of three years old,
and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a
turtledove, and a young pigeon.

15:10 And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst,
and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not.

15:11 And when the fowls came down upon the carcases, Abram drove them
away.

15:12 And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram;
and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him.

15:13 And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be
a stranger in a land that is not their's, and shall serve them; and
they shall afflict them four hundred years; 15:14 And also that
nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they
come out with great substance.

15:15 And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried
in a good old age.

15:16 But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again: for
the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full.

15:17 And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was
dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between
those pieces.

15:18 In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying,
Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the
great river, the river Euphrates: 15:19 The Kenites, and the
Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites, 15:20 And the Hittites, and the
Perizzites, and the Rephaims, 15:21 And the Amorites, and the
Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the Jebusites.

16:1 Now Sarai Abram's wife bare him no children: and she had an
handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.

16:2 And Sarai said unto Abram, Behold now, the LORD hath restrained
me from bearing: I pray thee, go in unto my maid; it may be that I may
obtain children by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai.

16:3 And Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, after
Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her
husband Abram to be his wife.

16:4 And he went in unto Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw
that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes.

16:5 And Sarai said unto Abram, My wrong be upon thee: I have given my
maid into thy bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was
despised in her eyes: the LORD judge between me and thee.

16:6 But Abram said unto Sarai, Behold, thy maid is in thine hand; do
to her as it pleaseth thee. And when Sarai dealt hardly with her, she
fled from her face.

16:7 And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the
wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur.

16:8 And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither
wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai.

16:9 And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Return to thy mistress,
and submit thyself under her hands.

16:10 And the angel of the LORD said unto her, I will multiply thy
seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude.

16:11 And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Behold, thou art with
child and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael; because
the LORD hath heard thy affliction.

16:12 And he will be a wild man; his hand will be against every man,
and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence
of all his brethren.

16:13 And she called the name of the LORD that spake unto her, Thou
God seest me: for she said, Have I also here looked after him that
seeth me?  16:14 Wherefore the well was called Beerlahairoi; behold,
it is between Kadesh and Bered.

16:15 And Hagar bare Abram a son: and Abram called his son's name,
which Hagar bare, Ishmael.

16:16 And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bare
Ishmael to Abram.

17:1 And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared
to Abram, and said unto him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me,
and be thou perfect.

17:2 And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will
multiply thee exceedingly.

17:3 And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying, 17:4
As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a
father of many nations.

17:5 Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name
shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee.

17:6 And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations
of thee, and kings shall come out of thee.

17:7 And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed
after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a
God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee.

17:8 And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land
wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an
everlasting possession; and I will be their God.

17:9 And God said unto Abraham, Thou shalt keep my covenant therefore,
thou, and thy seed after thee in their generations.

17:10 This is my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and
thy seed after thee; Every man child among you shall be circumcised.

17:11 And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall
be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you.

17:12 And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you,
every man child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or
bought with money of any stranger, which is not of thy seed.

17:13 He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy
money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your
flesh for an everlasting covenant.

17:14 And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is
not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath
broken my covenant.

17:15 And God said unto Abraham, As for Sarai thy wife, thou shalt not
call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be.

17:16 And I will bless her, and give thee a son also of her: yea, I
will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people
shall be of her.

17:17 Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his
heart, Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old?
and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear?  17:18 And Abraham
said unto God, O that Ishmael might live before thee!  17:19 And God
said, Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call
his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an
everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him.

17:20 And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee: Behold, I have blessed
him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly;
twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation.

17:21 But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall
bear unto thee at this set time in the next year.

17:22 And he left off talking with him, and God went up from Abraham.

17:23 And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his
house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the
men of Abraham's house; and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in
the selfsame day, as God had said unto him.

17:24 And Abraham was ninety years old and nine, when he was
circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.

17:25 And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was
circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.

17:26 In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his
son.

17:27 And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with
money of the stranger, were circumcised with him.

18:1 And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat
in the tent door in the heat of the day; 18:2 And he lift up his eyes
and looked, and, lo, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he
ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the
ground, 18:3 And said, My LORD, if now I have found favour in thy
sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant: 18:4 Let a little
water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves
under the tree: 18:5 And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort
ye your hearts; after that ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come
to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said.

18:6 And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make
ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes
upon the hearth.

18:7 And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetcht a calf tender and good,
and gave it unto a young man; and he hasted to dress it.

18:8 And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed,
and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they
did eat.

18:9 And they said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said,
Behold, in the tent.

18:10 And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the
time of life; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah
heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.

18:11 Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age; and it
ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.

18:12 Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed
old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also?  18:13 And the LORD
said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a
surety bear a child, which am old?  18:14 Is any thing too hard for
the LORD? At the time appointed I will return unto thee, according to
the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son.

18:15 Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid.
And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh.

18:16 And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and
Abraham went with them to bring them on the way.

18:17 And the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I
do; 18:18 Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty
nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?
18:19 For I know him, that he will command his children and his
household after him, and they shall keep the way of the LORD, to do
justice and judgment; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which
he hath spoken of him.

18:20 And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is
great, and because their sin is very grievous; 18:21 I will go down
now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of
it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.

18:22 And the men turned their faces from thence, and went toward
Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD.

18:23 And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou also destroy the
righteous with the wicked?  18:24 Peradventure there be fifty
righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not spare the
place for the fifty righteous that are therein?  18:25 That be far
from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the
wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far
from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?  18:26 And
the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city,
then I will spare all the place for their sakes.

18:27 And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken upon me
to speak unto the LORD, which am but dust and ashes: 18:28
Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou
destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, If I find there
forty and five, I will not destroy it.

18:29 And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there
shall be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for forty's
sake.

18:30 And he said unto him, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will
speak: Peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he said, I
will not do it, if I find thirty there.

18:31 And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the
LORD: Peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I
will not destroy it for twenty's sake.

18:32 And he said, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak yet
but this once: Peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I
will not destroy it for ten's sake.

18:33 And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with
Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place.

19:1 And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the
gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed
himself with his face toward the ground; 19:2 And he said, Behold now,
my lords, turn in, I pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry
all night, and wash your feet, and ye shall rise up early, and go on
your ways. And they said, Nay; but we will abide in the street all
night.

19:3 And he pressed upon them greatly; and they turned in unto him,
and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake
unleavened bread, and they did eat.

19:4 But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of
Sodom, compassed the house round, both old and young, all the people
from every quarter: 19:5 And they called unto Lot, and said unto him,
Where are the men which came in to thee this night? bring them out
unto us, that we may know them.

19:6 And Lot went out at the door unto them, and shut the door after
him, 19:7 And said, I pray you, brethren, do not so wickedly.

19:8 Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let
me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good
in your eyes: only unto these men do nothing; for therefore came they
under the shadow of my roof.

19:9 And they said, Stand back. And they said again, This one fellow
came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: now will we deal
worse with thee, than with them. And they pressed sore upon the man,
even Lot, and came near to break the door.

19:10 But the men put forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house
to them, and shut to the door.

19:11 And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with
blindness, both small and great: so that they wearied themselves to
find the door.

19:12 And the men said unto Lot, Hast thou here any besides? son in
law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and whatsoever thou hast in the
city, bring them out of this place: 19:13 For we will destroy this
place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of the
LORD; and the LORD hath sent us to destroy it.

19:14 And Lot went out, and spake unto his sons in law, which married
his daughters, and said, Up, get you out of this place; for the LORD
will destroy this city. But he seemed as one that mocked unto his sons
in law.

19:15 And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot,
saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters, which are here;
lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city.

19:16 And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon
the hand of his wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters; the LORD
being merciful unto him: and they brought him forth, and set him
without the city.

19:17 And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad,
that he said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee, neither stay
thou in all the plain; escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed.

19:18 And Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my LORD: 19:19 Behold now,
thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy
mercy, which thou hast shewed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot
escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me, and I die: 19:20
Behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a little one:
Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall
live.

19:21 And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this
thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou
hast spoken.

19:22 Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till thou
be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.

19:23 The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar.

19:24 Then the LORD rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and
fire from the LORD out of heaven; 19:25 And he overthrew those cities,
and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that
which grew upon the ground.

19:26 But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a
pillar of salt.

19:27 And Abraham gat up early in the morning to the place where he
stood before the LORD: 19:28 And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah,
and toward all the land of the plain, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke
of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace.

19:29 And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the plain,
that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the
overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelt.

19:30 And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his
two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt
in a cave, he and his two daughters.

19:31 And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is old, and
there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of
all the earth: 19:32 Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we
will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.

19:33 And they made their father drink wine that night: and the
firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and he perceived not when
she lay down, nor when she arose.

19:34 And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said unto
the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father: let us make him
drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and lie with him, that we
may preserve seed of our father.

19:35 And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the
younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay
down, nor when she arose.

19:36 Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father.

19:37 And the first born bare a son, and called his name Moab: the
same is the father of the Moabites unto this day.

19:38 And the younger, she also bare a son, and called his name
Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this
day.

20:1 And Abraham journeyed from thence toward the south country, and
dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar.

20:2 And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister: and
Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah.

20:3 But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him,
Behold, thou art but a dead man, for the woman which thou hast taken;
for she is a man's wife.

20:4 But Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, LORD, wilt thou
slay also a righteous nation?  20:5 Said he not unto me, She is my
sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the
integrity of my heart and innocency of my hands have I done this.

20:6 And God said unto him in a dream, Yea, I know that thou didst
this in the integrity of thy heart; for I also withheld thee from
sinning against me: therefore suffered I thee not to touch her.

20:7 Now therefore restore the man his wife; for he is a prophet, and
he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: and if thou restore her
not, know thou that thou shalt surely die, thou, and all that are
thine.

20:8 Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his
servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were
sore afraid.

20:9 Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said unto him, What hast thou
done unto us? and what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on
me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done deeds unto me that
ought not to be done.

20:10 And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What sawest thou, that thou
hast done this thing?  20:11 And Abraham said, Because I thought,
Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for
my wife's sake.

20:12 And yet indeed she is my sister; she is the daughter of my
father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife.

20:13 And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my
father's house, that I said unto her, This is thy kindness which thou
shalt shew unto me; at every place whither we shall come, say of me,
He is my brother.

20:14 And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and
womenservants, and gave them unto Abraham, and restored him Sarah his
wife.

20:15 And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where
it pleaseth thee.

20:16 And unto Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a
thousand pieces of silver: behold, he is to thee a covering of the
eyes, unto all that are with thee, and with all other: thus she was
reproved.

20:17 So Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his
wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children.

20:18 For the LORD had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of
Abimelech, because of Sarah Abraham's wife.

21:1 And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LORD did unto
Sarah as he had spoken.

21:2 For Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at
the set time of which God had spoken to him.

21:3 And Abraham called the name of his son that was born unto him,
whom Sarah bare to him, Isaac.

21:4 And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac being eight days old, as
God had commanded him.

21:5 And Abraham was an hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born
unto him.

21:6 And Sarah said, God hath made me to laugh, so that all that hear
will laugh with me.

21:7 And she said, Who would have said unto Abraham, that Sarah should
have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age.

21:8 And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great
feast the same day that Isaac was weaned.

21:9 And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had born
unto Abraham, mocking.

21:10 Wherefore she said unto Abraham, Cast out this bondwoman and her
son: for the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son, even
with Isaac.

21:11 And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight because of
his son.

21:12 And God said unto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight
because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman; in all that Sarah
hath said unto thee, hearken unto her voice; for in Isaac shall thy
seed be called.

21:13 And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation,
because he is thy seed.

21:14 And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a
bottle of water, and gave it unto Hagar, putting it on her shoulder,
and the child, and sent her away: and she departed, and wandered in
the wilderness of Beersheba.

21:15 And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child
under one of the shrubs.

21:16 And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off,
as it were a bow shot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the
child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept.

21:17 And God heard the voice of the lad; and the angel of God called
to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar?
fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is.

21:18 Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I will
make him a great nation.

21:19 And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she
went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink.

21:20 And God was with the lad; and he grew, and dwelt in the
wilderness, and became an archer.

21:21 And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took him
a wife out of the land of Egypt.

21:22 And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phichol the
chief captain of his host spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee
in all that thou doest: 21:23 Now therefore swear unto me here by God
that thou wilt not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my
son's son: but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee,
thou shalt do unto me, and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned.

21:24 And Abraham said, I will swear.

21:25 And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water, which
Abimelech's servants had violently taken away.

21:26 And Abimelech said, I wot not who hath done this thing; neither
didst thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but to day.

21:27 And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them unto Abimelech;
and both of them made a covenant.

21:28 And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves.

21:29 And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs
which thou hast set by themselves?  21:30 And he said, For these seven
ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that they may be a witness unto
me, that I have digged this well.

21:31 Wherefore he called that place Beersheba; because there they
sware both of them.

21:32 Thus they made a covenant at Beersheba: then Abimelech rose up,
and Phichol the chief captain of his host, and they returned into the
land of the Philistines.

21:33 And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba, and called there on
the name of the LORD, the everlasting God.

21:34 And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines' land many days.

22:1 And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt
Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am.

22:2 And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou
lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for
a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.

22:3 And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass,
and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and clave
the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place
of which God had told him.

22:4 Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the
place afar off.

22:5 And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass;
and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you.

22:6 And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering, and laid it upon
Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife; and they
went both of them together.

22:7 And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and
he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood:
but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?  22:8 And Abraham said, My
son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they
went both of them together.

22:9 And they came to the place which God had told him of; and Abraham
built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his
son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood.

22:10 And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay
his son.

22:11 And the angel of the LORD called unto him out of heaven, and
said, Abraham, Abraham: and he said, Here am I.

22:12 And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou
any thing unto him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou
hast not withheld thy son, thine only son from me.

22:13 And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold behind
him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: and Abraham went and took
the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his
son.

22:14 And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is
said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen.

22:15 And the angel of the LORD called unto Abraham out of heaven the
second time, 22:16 And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD,
for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son,
thine only son: 22:17 That in blessing I will bless thee, and in
multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and
as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess
the gate of his enemies; 22:18 And in thy seed shall all the nations
of the earth be blessed; because thou hast obeyed my voice.

22:19 So Abraham returned unto his young men, and they rose up and
went together to Beersheba; and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba.

22:20 And it came to pass after these things, that it was told
Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she hath also born children unto thy
brother Nahor; 22:21 Huz his firstborn, and Buz his brother, and
Kemuel the father of Aram, 22:22 And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash,
and Jidlaph, and Bethuel.

22:23 And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor,
Abraham's brother.

22:24 And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bare also Tebah,
and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.

23:1 And Sarah was an hundred and seven and twenty years old: these
were the years of the life of Sarah.

23:2 And Sarah died in Kirjatharba; the same is Hebron in the land of
Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her.

23:3 And Abraham stood up from before his dead, and spake unto the
sons of Heth, saying, 23:4 I am a stranger and a sojourner with you:
give me a possession of a buryingplace with you, that I may bury my
dead out of my sight.

23:5 And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him, 23:6
Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of
our sepulchres bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his
sepulchre, but that thou mayest bury thy dead.

23:7 And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the
land, even to the children of Heth.

23:8 And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I
should bury my dead out of my sight; hear me, and intreat for me to
Ephron the son of Zohar, 23:9 That he may give me the cave of
Machpelah, which he hath, which is in the end of his field; for as
much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a
buryingplace amongst you.

23:10 And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth: and Ephron the
Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even
of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying, 23:11 Nay, my
lord, hear me: the field give I thee, and the cave that is therein, I
give it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee:
bury thy dead.

23:12 And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the land.

23:13 And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the
land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will
give thee money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead
there.

23:14 And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him, 23:15 My lord,
hearken unto me: the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver;
what is that betwixt me and thee? bury therefore thy dead.

23:16 And Abraham hearkened unto Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron
the silver, which he had named in the audience of the sons of Heth,
four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant.

23:17 And the field of Ephron which was in Machpelah, which was before
Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees
that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were
made sure 23:18 Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the
children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city.

23:19 And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the
field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the land of
Canaan.

23:20 And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure unto
Abraham for a possession of a buryingplace by the sons of Heth.

24:1 And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had
blessed Abraham in all things.

24:2 And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house, that ruled
over all that he had, Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh: 24:3
And I will make thee swear by the LORD, the God of heaven, and the God
of the earth, that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the
daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I dwell: 24:4 But thou shalt
go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son
Isaac.

24:5 And the servant said unto him, Peradventure the woman will not be
willing to follow me unto this land: must I needs bring thy son again
unto the land from whence thou camest?  24:6 And Abraham said unto
him, Beware thou that thou bring not my son thither again.

24:7 The LORD God of heaven, which took me from my father's house, and
from the land of my kindred, and which spake unto me, and that sware
unto me, saying, Unto thy seed will I give this land; he shall send
his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from
thence.

24:8 And if the woman will not be willing to follow thee, then thou
shalt be clear from this my oath: only bring not my son thither again.

24:9 And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his
master, and sware to him concerning that matter.

24:10 And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master, and
departed; for all the goods of his master were in his hand: and he
arose, and went to Mesopotamia, unto the city of Nahor.

24:11 And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well
of water at the time of the evening, even the time that women go out
to draw water.

24:12 And he said O LORD God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send
me good speed this day, and shew kindness unto my master Abraham.

24:13 Behold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters of
the men of the city come out to draw water: 24:14 And let it come to
pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I
pray thee, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give
thy camels drink also: let the same be she that thou hast appointed
for thy servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that thou hast shewed
kindness unto my master.

24:15 And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold,
Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah, the wife of
Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher upon her shoulder.

24:16 And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had
any man known her: and she went down to the well, and filled her
pitcher, and came up.

24:17 And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Let me, I pray thee,
drink a little water of thy pitcher.

24:18 And she said, Drink, my lord: and she hasted, and let down her
pitcher upon her hand, and gave him drink.

24:19 And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I will draw
water for thy camels also, until they have done drinking.

24:20 And she hasted, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran
again unto the well to draw water, and drew for all his camels.

24:21 And the man wondering at her held his peace, to wit whether the
LORD had made his journey prosperous or not.

24:22 And it came to pass, as the camels had done drinking, that the
man took a golden earring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets
for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold; 24:23 And said, Whose
daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee: is there room in thy father's
house for us to lodge in?  24:24 And she said unto him, I am the
daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, which she bare unto Nahor.

24:25 She said moreover unto him, We have both straw and provender
enough, and room to lodge in.

24:26 And the man bowed down his head, and worshipped the LORD.

24:27 And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham, who
hath not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth: I being
in the way, the LORD led me to the house of my master's brethren.

24:28 And the damsel ran, and told them of her mother's house these
things.

24:29 And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran
out unto the man, unto the well.

24:30 And it came to pass, when he saw the earring and bracelets upon
his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister,
saying, Thus spake the man unto me; that he came unto the man; and,
behold, he stood by the camels at the well.

24:31 And he said, Come in, thou blessed of the LORD; wherefore
standest thou without? for I have prepared the house, and room for the
camels.

24:32 And the man came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and
gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet,
and the men's feet that were with him.

24:33 And there was set meat before him to eat: but he said, I will
not eat, until I have told mine errand. And he said, Speak on.

24:34 And he said, I am Abraham's servant.

24:35 And the LORD hath blessed my master greatly; and he is become
great: and he hath given him flocks, and herds, and silver, and gold,
and menservants, and maidservants, and camels, and asses.

24:36 And Sarah my master's wife bare a son to my master when she was
old: and unto him hath he given all that he hath.

24:37 And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife
to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell:
24:38 But thou shalt go unto my father's house, and to my kindred, and
take a wife unto my son.

24:39 And I said unto my master, Peradventure the woman will not
follow me.

24:40 And he said unto me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his
angel with thee, and prosper thy way; and thou shalt take a wife for
my son of my kindred, and of my father's house: 24:41 Then shalt thou
be clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if
they give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath.

24:42 And I came this day unto the well, and said, O LORD God of my
master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I go: 24:43
Behold, I stand by the well of water; and it shall come to pass, that
when the virgin cometh forth to draw water, and I say to her, Give me,
I pray thee, a little water of thy pitcher to drink; 24:44 And she say
to me, Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the
same be the woman whom the LORD hath appointed out for my master's
son.

24:45 And before I had done speaking in mine heart, behold, Rebekah
came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder; and she went down unto
the well, and drew water: and I said unto her, Let me drink, I pray
thee.

24:46 And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder,
and said, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: so I drank,
and she made the camels drink also.

24:47 And I asked her, and said, Whose daughter art thou? And she
said, the daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bare unto him:
and I put the earring upon her face, and the bracelets upon her hands.

24:48 And I bowed down my head, and worshipped the LORD, and blessed
the LORD God of my master Abraham, which had led me in the right way
to take my master's brother's daughter unto his son.

24:49 And now if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell
me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the
left.

24:50 Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceedeth
from the LORD: we cannot speak unto thee bad or good.

24:51 Behold, Rebekah is before thee, take her, and go, and let her be
thy master's son's wife, as the LORD hath spoken.

24:52 And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their
words, he worshipped the LORD, bowing himself to the earth.

24:53 And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of
gold, and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah: he gave also to her
brother and to her mother precious things.

24:54 And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him,
and tarried all night; and they rose up in the morning, and he said,
Send me away unto my master.

24:55 And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with
us a few days, at the least ten; after that she shall go.

24:56 And he said unto them, Hinder me not, seeing the LORD hath
prospered my way; send me away that I may go to my master.

24:57 And they said, We will call the damsel, and enquire at her
mouth.

24:58 And they called Rebekah, and said unto her, Wilt thou go with
this man? And she said, I will go.

24:59 And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and
Abraham's servant, and his men.

24:60 And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our
sister, be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed
possess the gate of those which hate them.

24:61 And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the
camels, and followed the man: and the servant took Rebekah, and went
his way.

24:62 And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi; for he dwelt
in the south country.

24:63 And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide: and
he lifted up his eyes, and saw, and, behold, the camels were coming.

24:64 And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she
lighted off the camel.

24:65 For she had said unto the servant, What man is this that walketh
in the field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master:
therefore she took a vail, and covered herself.

24:66 And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done.

24:67 And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took
Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was
comforted after his mother's death.

25:1 Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah.

25:2 And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and
Ishbak, and Shuah.

25:3 And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were
Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.

25:4 And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah,
and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah.

25:5 And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac.

25:6 But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham
gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived,
eastward, unto the east country.

25:7 And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he
lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years.

25:8 Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an
old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people.

25:9 And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of
Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which
is before Mamre; 25:10 The field which Abraham purchased of the sons
of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife.

25:11 And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed
his son Isaac; and Isaac dwelt by the well Lahairoi.

25:12 Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom
Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Abraham: 25:13 And
these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according
to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar,
and Adbeel, and Mibsam, 25:14 And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, 25:15
Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah: 25:16 These are the sons
of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their towns, and by their
castles; twelve princes according to their nations.

25:17 And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and
thirty and seven years: and he gave up the ghost and died; and was
gathered unto his people.

25:18 And they dwelt from Havilah unto Shur, that is before Egypt, as
thou goest toward Assyria: and he died in the presence of all his
brethren.

25:19 And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham
begat Isaac: 25:20 And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah
to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padanaram, the sister
to Laban the Syrian.

25:21 And Isaac intreated the LORD for his wife, because she was
barren: and the LORD was intreated of him, and Rebekah his wife
conceived.

25:22 And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If
it be so, why am I thus? And she went to enquire of the LORD.

25:23 And the LORD said unto her, Two nations are in thy womb, and two
manner of people shall be separated from thy bowels; and the one
people shall be stronger than the other people; and the elder shall
serve the younger.

25:24 And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there
were twins in her womb.

25:25 And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and
they called his name Esau.

25:26 And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on
Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was threescore
years old when she bare them.

25:27 And the boys grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the
field; and Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents.

25:28 And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but
Rebekah loved Jacob.

25:29 And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was
faint: 25:30 And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that
same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom.

25:31 And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright.

25:32 And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit
shall this birthright do to me?  25:33 And Jacob said, Swear to me
this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto
Jacob.

25:34 Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentiles; and he did
eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his
birthright.

26:1 And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that
was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the
Philistines unto Gerar.

26:2 And the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt;
dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of: 26:3 Sojourn in this
land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and
unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the
oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father; 26:4 And I will make thy
seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give unto thy seed
all these countries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the
earth be blessed; 26:5 Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept
my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.

26:6 And Isaac dwelt in Gerar: 26:7 And the men of the place asked him
of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She
is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for
Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon.

26:8 And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that
Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw,
and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife.

26:9 And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is
thy wife; and how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto
him, Because I said, Lest I die for her.

26:10 And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of
the people might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest
have brought guiltiness upon us.

26:11 And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that toucheth
this man or his wife shall surely be put to death.

26:12 Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year an
hundredfold: and the LORD blessed him.

26:13 And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he
became very great: 26:14 For he had possession of flocks, and
possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines
envied him.

26:15 For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the
days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and
filled them with earth.

26:16 And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art much
mightier than we.

26:17 And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his tent in the valley of
Gerar, and dwelt there.

26:18 And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they had digged
in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped
them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the
names by which his father had called them.

26:19 And Isaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a
well of springing water.

26:20 And the herdmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac's herdmen,
saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek;
because they strove with him.

26:21 And they digged another well, and strove for that also: and he
called the name of it Sitnah.

26:22 And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for
that they strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he
said, For now the LORD hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful
in the land.

26:23 And he went up from thence to Beersheba.

26:24 And the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am
the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will
bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.

26:25 And he builded an altar there, and called upon the name of the
LORD, and pitched his tent there: and there Isaac's servants digged a
well.

26:26 Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his
friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army.

26:27 And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye
hate me, and have sent me away from you?  26:28 And they said, We saw
certainly that the LORD was with thee: and we said, Let there be now
an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a
covenant with thee; 26:29 That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not
touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have
sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD.

26:30 And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink.

26:31 And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to
another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in
peace.

26:32 And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came,
and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto
him, We have found water.

26:33 And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is
Beersheba unto this day.

26:34 And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the
daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the
Hittite: 26:35 Which were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah.

27:1 And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were
dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his eldest son, and said
unto him, My son: and he said unto him, Behold, here am I.

27:2 And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my
death: 27:3 Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver
and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison; 27:4
And make me savoury meat, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I
may eat; that my soul may bless thee before I die.

27:5 And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son. And Esau went
to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it.

27:6 And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy
father speak unto Esau thy brother, saying, 27:7 Bring me venison, and
make me savoury meat, that I may eat, and bless thee before the LORD
before my death.

27:8 Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I
command thee.

27:9 Go now to the flock, and fetch me from thence two good kids of
the goats; and I will make them savoury meat for thy father, such as
he loveth: 27:10 And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may
eat, and that he may bless thee before his death.

27:11 And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is
a hairy man, and I am a smooth man: 27:12 My father peradventure will
feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a
curse upon me, and not a blessing.

27:13 And his mother said unto him, Upon me be thy curse, my son: only
obey my voice, and go fetch me them.

27:14 And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his mother: and
his mother made savoury meat, such as his father loved.

27:15 And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau, which
were with her in the house, and put them upon Jacob her younger son:
27:16 And she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands,
and upon the smooth of his neck: 27:17 And she gave the savoury meat
and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob.

27:18 And he came unto his father, and said, My father: and he said,
Here am I; who art thou, my son?  27:19 And Jacob said unto his
father, I am Esau thy first born; I have done according as thou badest
me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may
bless me.

27:20 And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it
so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD thy God brought it
to me.

27:21 And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may
feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son Esau or not.

27:22 And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and
said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.

27:23 And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his
brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him.

27:24 And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am.

27:25 And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's
venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him,
and he did eat: and he brought him wine and he drank.

27:26 And his father Isaac said unto him, Come near now, and kiss me,
my son.

27:27 And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of
his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as
the smell of a field which the LORD hath blessed: 27:28 Therefore God
give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and
plenty of corn and wine: 27:29 Let people serve thee, and nations bow
down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons bow
down to thee: cursed be every one that curseth thee, and blessed be he
that blesseth thee.

27:30 And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had made an end of
blessing Jacob, and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of
Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting.

27:31 And he also had made savoury meat, and brought it unto his
father, and said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his
son's venison, that thy soul may bless me.

27:32 And Isaac his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I
am thy son, thy firstborn Esau.

27:33 And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he
that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all
before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be
blessed.

27:34 And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a
great and exceeding bitter cry, and said unto his father, Bless me,
even me also, O my father.

27:35 And he said, Thy brother came with subtilty, and hath taken away
thy blessing.

27:36 And he said, Is not he rightly named Jacob? for he hath
supplanted me these two times: he took away my birthright; and,
behold, now he hath taken away my blessing. And he said, Hast thou not
reserved a blessing for me?  27:37 And Isaac answered and said unto
Esau, Behold, I have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I
given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained
him: and what shall I do now unto thee, my son?  27:38 And Esau said
unto his father, Hast thou but one blessing, my father? bless me, even
me also, O my father. And Esau lifted up his voice, and wept.

27:39 And Isaac his father answered and said unto him, Behold, thy
dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth, and of the dew of heaven
from above; 27:40 And by thy sword shalt thou live, and shalt serve
thy brother; and it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the
dominion, that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck.

27:41 And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing wherewith his
father blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning
for my father are at hand; then will I slay my brother Jacob.

27:42 And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and
she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto him, Behold,
thy brother Esau, as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to
kill thee.

27:43 Now therefore, my son, obey my voice; arise, flee thou to Laban
my brother to Haran; 27:44 And tarry with him a few days, until thy
brother's fury turn away; 27:45 Until thy brother's anger turn away
from thee, and he forget that which thou hast done to him: then I will
send, and fetch thee from thence: why should I be deprived also of you
both in one day?  27:46 And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my
life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the
daughters of Heth, such as these which are of the daughters of the
land, what good shall my life do me?  28:1 And Isaac called Jacob, and
blessed him, and charged him, and said unto him, Thou shalt not take a
wife of the daughters of Canaan.

28:2 Arise, go to Padanaram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's
father; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughers of Laban thy
mother's brother.

37:26 And he overlaid it with pure gold, both the top of it, and the
sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made unto it a
crown of gold round about.

37:27 And he made two rings of gold for it under the crown thereof, by
the two corners of it, upon the two sides thereof, to be places for
the staves to bear it withal.

37:28 And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with
gold.

37:29 And he made the holy anointing oil, and the pure incense of
sweet spices, according to the work of the apothecary.

38:1 And he made the altar of burnt offering of shittim wood: five
cubits was the length thereof, and five cubits the breadth thereof; it
was foursquare; and three cubits the height thereof.

38:2 And he made the horns thereof on the four corners of it; the
horns thereof were of the same: and he overlaid it with brass.

38:3 And he made all the vessels of the altar, the pots, and the
shovels, and the basons, and the fleshhooks, and the firepans: all the
vessels thereof made he of brass.

38:4 And he made for the altar a brasen grate of network under the
compass thereof beneath unto the midst of it.

38:5 And he cast four rings for the four ends of the grate of brass,
to be places for the staves.

38:6 And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with
brass.

38:7 And he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar,
to bear it withal; he made the altar hollow with boards.

38:8 And he made the laver of brass, and the foot of it of brass, of
the lookingglasses of the women assembling, which assembled at the
door of the tabernacle of the congregation.

38:9 And he made the court: on the south side southward the hangings
of the court were of fine twined linen, an hundred cubits: 38:10 Their
pillars were twenty, and their brasen sockets twenty; the hooks of the
pillars and their fillets were of silver.

38:11 And for the north side the hangings were an hundred cubits,
their pillars were twenty, and their sockets of brass twenty; the
hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.

38:12 And for the west side were hangings of fifty cubits, their
pillars ten, and their sockets ten; the hooks of the pillars and their
fillets of silver.

38:13 And for the east side eastward fifty cubits.

38:14 The hangings of the one side of the gate were fifteen cubits;
their pillars three, and their sockets three.

38:15 And for the other side of the court gate, on this hand and that
hand, were hangings of fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their
sockets three.

38:16 All the hangings of the court round about were of fine twined
linen.

38:17 And the sockets for the pillars were of brass; the hooks of the
pillars and their fillets of silver; and the overlaying of their
chapiters of silver; and all the pillars of the court were filleted
with silver.

38:18 And the hanging for the gate of the court was needlework, of
blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: and twenty
cubits was the length, and the height in the breadth was five cubits,
answerable to the hangings of the court.

38:19 And their pillars were four, and their sockets of brass four;
their hooks of silver, and the overlaying of their chapiters and their
fillets of silver.

38:20 And all the pins of the tabernacle, and of the court round
about, were of brass.

38:21 This is the sum of the tabernacle, even of the tabernacle of
testimony, as it was counted, according to the commandment of Moses,
for the service of the Levites, by the hand of Ithamar, son to Aaron
the priest.

38:22 And Bezaleel the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah,
made all that the LORD commanded Moses.

38:23 And with him was Aholiab, son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan,
an engraver, and a cunning workman, and an embroiderer in blue, and in
purple, and in scarlet, and fine linen.

38:24 All the gold that was occupied for the work in all the work of
the holy place, even the gold of the offering, was twenty and nine
talents, and seven hundred and thirty shekels, after the shekel of the
sanctuary.

38:25 And the silver of them that were numbered of the congregation
was an hundred talents, and a thousand seven hundred and threescore
and fifteen shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary: 38:26 A bekah
for every man, that is, half a shekel, after the shekel of the
sanctuary, for every one that went to be numbered, from twenty years
old and upward, for six hundred thousand and three thousand and five
hundred and fifty men.

38:27 And of the hundred talents of silver were cast the sockets of
the sanctuary, and the sockets of the vail; an hundred sockets of the
hundred talents, a talent for a socket.

38:28 And of the thousand seven hundred seventy and five shekels he
made hooks for the pillars, and overlaid their chapiters, and filleted
them.

38:29 And the brass of the offering was seventy talents, and two
thousand and four hundred shekels.

38:30 And therewith he made the sockets to the door of the tabernacle
of the congregation, and the brasen altar, and the brasen grate for
it, and all the vessels of the altar, 38:31 And the sockets of the
court round about, and the sockets of the court gate, and all the pins
of the tabernacle, and all the pins of the court round about.

39:1 And of the blue, and purple, and scarlet, they made cloths of
service, to do service in the holy place, and made the holy garments
for Aaron; as the LORD commanded Moses.

39:2 And he made the ephod of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and
fine twined linen.

39:3 And they did beat the gold into thin plates, and cut it into
wires, to work it in the blue, and in the purple, and in the scarlet,
and in the fine linen, with cunning work.

39:4 They made shoulderpieces for it, to couple it together: by the
two edges was it coupled together.

39:5 And the curious girdle of his ephod, that was upon it, was of the
same, according to the work thereof; of gold, blue, and purple, and
scarlet, and fine twined linen; as the LORD commanded Moses.

39:6 And they wrought onyx stones inclosed in ouches of gold, graven,
as signets are graven, with the names of the children of Israel.

39:7 And he put them on the shoulders of the ephod, that they should
be stones for a memorial to the children of Israel; as the LORD
commanded Moses.

39:8 And he made the breastplate of cunning work, like the work of the
ephod; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.

39:9 It was foursquare; they made the breastplate double: a span was
the length thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, being doubled.

39:10 And they set in it four rows of stones: the first row was a
sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this was the first row.

39:11 And the second row, an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.

39:12 And the third row, a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.

39:13 And the fourth row, a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper: they were
inclosed in ouches of gold in their inclosings.

39:14 And the stones were according to the names of the children of
Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a
signet, every one with his name, according to the twelve tribes.

39:15 And they made upon the breastplate chains at the ends, of
wreathen work of pure gold.

39:16 And they made two ouches of gold, and two gold rings; and put
the two rings in the two ends of the breastplate.

39:17 And they put the two wreathen chains of gold in the two rings on
the ends of the breastplate.

39:18 And the two ends of the two wreathen chains they fastened in the
two ouches, and put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod, before
it.

39:19 And they made two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of
the breastplate, upon the border of it, which was on the side of the
ephod inward.

39:20 And they made two other golden rings, and put them on the two
sides of the ephod underneath, toward the forepart of it, over against
the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod.

39:21 And they did bind the breastplate by his rings unto the rings of
the ephod with a lace of blue, that it might be above the curious
girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate might not be loosed from
the ephod; as the LORD commanded Moses.

39:22 And he made the robe of the ephod of woven work, all of blue.

39:23 And there was an hole in the midst of the robe, as the hole of
an habergeon, with a band round about the hole, that it should not
rend.

39:24 And they made upon the hems of the robe pomegranates of blue,
and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen.

39:25 And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the
pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the
pomegranates; 39:26 A bell and a pomegranate, a bell and a
pomegranate, round about the hem of the robe to minister in; as the
LORD commanded Moses.

39:27 And they made coats of fine linen of woven work for Aaron, and
for his sons, 39:28 And a mitre of fine linen, and goodly bonnets of
fine linen, and linen breeches of fine twined linen, 39:29 And a
girdle of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, of
needlework; as the LORD commanded Moses.

39:30 And they made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold, and
wrote upon it a writing, like to the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS
TO THE LORD.

39:31 And they tied unto it a lace of blue, to fasten it on high upon
the mitre; as the LORD commanded Moses.

39:32 Thus was all the work of the tabernacle of the tent of the
congregation finished: and the children of Israel did according to all
that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they.

39:33 And they brought the tabernacle unto Moses, the tent, and all
his furniture, his taches, his boards, his bars, and his pillars, and
his sockets, 39:34 And the covering of rams' skins dyed red, and the
covering of badgers' skins, and the vail of the covering, 39:35 The
ark of the testimony, and the staves thereof, and the mercy seat,
39:36 The table, and all the vessels thereof, and the shewbread, 39:37
The pure candlestick, with the lamps thereof, even with the lamps to
be set in order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light,
39:38 And the golden altar, and the anointing oil, and the sweet
incense, and the hanging for the tabernacle door, 39:39 The brasen
altar, and his grate of brass, his staves, and all his vessels, the
laver and his foot, 39:40 The hangings of the court, his pillars, and
his sockets, and the hanging for the court gate, his cords, and his
pins, and all the vessels of the service of the tabernacle, for the
tent of the congregation, 39:41 The cloths of service to do service in
the holy place, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and his
sons' garments, to minister in the priest's office.

39:42 According to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so the children
of Israel made all the work.

39:43 And Moses did look upon all the work, and, behold, they had done
it as the LORD had commanded, even so had they done it: and Moses
blessed them.

40:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 40:2 On the first day of
the first month shalt thou set up the tabernacle of the tent of the
congregation.

40:3 And thou shalt put therein the ark of the testimony, and cover
the ark with the vail.

40:4 And thou shalt bring in the table, and set in order the things
that are to be set in order upon it; and thou shalt bring in the
candlestick, and light the lamps thereof.

40:5 And thou shalt set the altar of gold for the incense before the
ark of the testimony, and put the hanging of the door to the
tabernacle.

40:6 And thou shalt set the altar of the burnt offering before the
door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation.

40:7 And thou shalt set the laver between the tent of the congregation
and the altar, and shalt put water therein.

40:8 And thou shalt set up the court round about, and hang up the
hanging at the court gate.

40:9 And thou shalt take the anointing oil, and anoint the tabernacle,
and all that is therein, and shalt hallow it, and all the vessels
thereof: and it shall be holy.

40:10 And thou shalt anoint the altar of the burnt offering, and all
his vessels, and sanctify the altar: and it shall be an altar most
holy.

40:11 And thou shalt anoint the laver and his foot, and sanctify it.

40:12 And thou shalt bring Aaron and his sons unto the door of the
tabernacle of the congregation, and wash them with water.

40:13 And thou shalt put upon Aaron the holy garments, and anoint him,
and sanctify him; that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.

40:14 And thou shalt bring his sons, and clothe them with coats: 40:15
And thou shalt anoint them, as thou didst anoint their father, that
they may minister unto me in the priest's office: for their anointing
shall surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their
generations.

40:16 Thus did Moses: according to all that the LORD commanded him, so
did he.

40:17 And it came to pass in the first month in the second year, on
the first day of the month, that the tabernacle was reared up.

40:18 And Moses reared up the tabernacle, and fastened his sockets,
and set up the boards thereof, and put in the bars thereof, and reared
up his pillars.

40:19 And he spread abroad the tent over the tabernacle, and put the
covering of the tent above upon it; as the LORD commanded Moses.

40:20 And he took and put the testimony into the ark, and set the
staves on the ark, and put the mercy seat above upon the ark: 40:21
And he brought the ark into the tabernacle, and set up the vail of the
covering, and covered the ark of the testimony; as the LORD commanded
Moses.

40:22 And he put the table in the tent of the congregation, upon the
side of the tabernacle northward, without the vail.

40:23 And he set the bread in order upon it before the LORD; as the
LORD had commanded Moses.

40:24 And he put the candlestick in the tent of the congregation, over
against the table, on the side of the tabernacle southward.

22:9 Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for I am thy
fellowservant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which
keep the sayings of this book: worship God.

22:10 And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of
this book: for the time is at hand.

22:11 He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is
filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be
righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still.

22:12 And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give
every man according as his work shall be.

22:13 I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and
the last.

22:14 Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have
right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the
city.

22:15 For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and
murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.

22:16 I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in
the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright
and morning star.

22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth
say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let
him take the water of life freely.

22:18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the
prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God
shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book: 22:19
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this
prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and
out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.

22:20 He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly.
Amen.

Even so, come, Lord Jesus.

22:21 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Wow! 
Yeah, please can you shine some light? 
Touched love? 
I'm just skin and bones 
Nothing will be scaring me, oh no 
Dream another dream, this dream is over, over yeah, (dream another dream) 
Know something to be true, then deny it 
You wanna lover, you want a friend
I fought the setting sun on my kingdom come 
Speaking day-glow red, Explodo opaque
Oh Oh Oh
Campaign promises falling short 
It's not work, that makes it work no 
When I jumped out on that road
I got 'er in my sight, but 
Of the fine, fine stuff, 
Waitin' for love to set me free 
Grown to expect, expect more of the same 
(Oh)Its just an invitation,across the nation,a chance for folks to meet. 
Ahh
Steel fingers play a deadly song.
Ohhh....... 
I got no love, no love you'd call real
I'm always a sucker for a real good time. 
Ah girl, you really got me now 
I'm overdone 
God damn it lady, you know I ain't lying to ya
She's down home and down home, 
Have no place to go, 
Ooh, Ahhh, goes like this 
Ohh there she stands in a silken gown 
Tell me you won't go, you won't go 
This dream is over, (oooh) over yeah, (dream another dream) 
and this corner is where we write the story.
Baby why can't this be love 
Heard a vicious rumor from your mama's tongue: you a desp'rate woman, need a man with a gun. 
Cause I need you,need you tonight 
In the grooves,on the go, 
If everything is coming your way
So hot, so hot, so hot 
One love, so fine 
Oh no, nothing's gonna change 
Because my heart will always be 
Got to turn, c'mon turn this thing around 
1-800-IT'S TIME
There's a fire in the hole 
When I flex Elvis talks
She got a doorbell sign that said:
All you bad bad boys - call her up on the spank line, whoa 
Driving all the women crazy, only want Jimmy-baby, 
You are near
Woman all you want is good as it can get,oh yeah! 
Turn here and gone from on the go. 
And no matter what you say or do 
rhyme. 
All mine 
and I'm not Looking For The Truth.
My butt, man ! 
Married life done changed him somehow, 
There ain't no power around can keep a good man down 
Reach back remember with all your might 
She choked the chain, she got the hook 
Wash my eyes so I can see 
B-b-b-b-b-b-b-baby 
Dream another dream 
Tramp stamp tat
I don't wanna hear about that, no
Puts me under stress, oh..... 
Got the feeling, power steering, 
Feels so good, feels so nice 
I suffered cause of you.
No calls
Lots of pretty girls, coming by the dozens 
Enough to kill a generation 
You can try me at home, if it feels all right 
Oh baby, come on
So when we face, face the adversary 
Holding the intangible 
It's always here and now, my friend 
But I ain't no fool and honey I know a good thing 
We're gonna feel this thing together 
Ooh, I need your love 
Ooh, I Ooh I need, got to have that love 
Forgive me father 
Don't you know that you can dance with me
Everybody!
And I feel her from across the room. 
Sittin 'round just getting high 
Come on baby, finish what you started
Ain't got nobody waiting at home
Another place, another time, oh 
Mousewife to Momshell in the time it took to get that new tattoo
Wait a second man. Whaddaya think the teacher's gonna look like this year ? 
In my hands 
Happy Trails to you, 
Everybody's lookin' for somethin' 
She said she's tired of watchin' me fall down. 
Drown my faith in trinity, yeah! 
I don't like nothin' in between 
Said I came to waste some time. 
Could it ever be too much? 
My love is rotten to the core 
Look into your eyes, that hint of depth 
And when some local kid gets down, they try and drum him out of town. 
(This is home) Turns you from hunted into hunter 
or what was he worth?
She said: Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. 
I see the power, 
Dream another dream, (ooh ooh ooh) 
Don't want no class reunion. 
I just slide, slide on by, never bad enough to crucify me 
Something, I'd never imply 
Needed a girl, but I was just too lazy. 
You way too civilized. Oh, 
It's your tomorrow 
Thought you'd never miss me 
Yeah-Give it here 
Now her name is up in lights 
Now Jamie's been in love before (ahhh) 
It's the hardest thing, oh..... 
I never met a man doesn't owe somebody somethin', no 
A year to the day 
Oh really mine, all mine 
Think I'm gonna fight him? 
As long as I mail my bills and look me in the eye 
Yeah, the one I want (want) 
Lost in this pleasure dome, lost inside my pleasure dome 
Pray for the mercy of the sea 
Some place to feast my eyes, oh 
It's all over but the shouting 
Just like I told you before, yeah before 
All you bad bad boys - yeah, it's a spank line, ha ha ha ha 
Two tribes warring
This dream is over, (dream another dream) 
Silver lights shining down 
Once embraced, can't ever be let go 
Sittin 'round just gettin' high 
Gimme some of that 
Son-of-a-bitch got me singin' that same old song 
Yeah, she opened up my eyes 
I'm coming straight for your heart. 
I Can't choose what's not my decision 
Run-run-runaround, yeah! (round, round, round, round) 
When the night is through, will I still be loving you ? 
Ow, ow, come on and show me 
Dealin' with your troubles drove me away. 
loss of control, loss of control, loss of control! 
Seems like loving you is just a crazy dream, but do as you feel. 
Got the big deal in the back of a limo 
Ain't no match for your mean old man 
Ohhhh....... 
Better save the women and children first. 
Ah yeah! 
I'll bear the cross on Judgement Day 
A buck is still a buck in Shanghai
And it ain't gonna change overnight, no 
Well she can take me for is a little ride 
Ain't beatin', but I'm being eatin' by money, oh yeah 
Rolling like the ocean when the moon is full
Ow, I like it 
For in the end, there will be equality 
Standing on top, 
They're holding all the cards, making things so hard, before it goes too far 
I can drive 
No mercy at your feet 
Just take me down, down, down, down to the bottom 
Ah precious sweetheart, 
Pull your headphones on, I'm in your heads, ah 
Unchained, yeah you hit the ground running 
This is my chance to fly 
Pledge allegiance to a place 
I thought we were alone 
Calling out around the world,are you ready for a brand new beat. 
I get the message 
And you keep trying 
So tell me why can't this be love 
It said, "Open your eyes. Leave it all behind." 
So very autobiographic!
I'm a lucid vision
Gimme something to write on, man 
Or hang around to be born again 
yeah you, so you think you made it better 
Over the edge and here I'll stay 
Oh so full of life, so free and easy 
Doing the dishes,mopping up that floor (Yes he is) 
(Ah-ah-ah)
Shiftless and the crazy
I don't, I don't, I don't 
Catch a magic moment, do it 
Another page is turned. 
Maybe I'm crazy or just too high 
I tell you honey by morning you'll be mine, yes 
Does it seem cold in here to you? 
Reachin' out for anything, so 
Once. Whoa-oh really, really touched?
Can you shine the light? 
Goin' out my way, knowin' my way around 
One step ahead, one step behind me 
No candidate would I support 
Inhale before you begin 
I don't feel tardy 
Hey, hey, hey
(Show your love) 
We're flat stone cold lied to 
Let's get started. Let's not stop soon
No I..... 
Oh yeah you think you're really cookin' baby, you better find yourself a friend 
Feelin'....no, I don't like what I've been told I'm feelin' 
Ooh, woman and a woman, them are silly games you play, yeah. 
Dream another dream...
We're searching for the latest thing 
Yeah, don't look at me baby 
At an early age he hits the street and winds up tied with who he meets, and he's unemployed.
Ev'rybody wants some. 
To love somebody foolishly 
To love somebody hopelessly 
Woooo-ooooo 
Least likely to succeed 
It's hard to tell, when innocence comes and goes 
If thats the way it must be, ok 
Some only see 
Pretty maids, all in a row, go on, set 'em up, up. 
Including you 
Oh no, but I think you'll find 
Way down in LA,everyday,dancing in the streets (Dancing in the streets) 
Didn't you? 
Gayman, looking for another 
I got an open mind, do anything 
Yeah. Come on
We're just playin, clean and simple 
Right now, oh, Right now 
Now you know this ain't no through street 
And then Bill got himself a wife, 
Richman, want a little bit more 
There was a mischievous look, behind that smile? 
Pretty woman dont walk on by,Pretty woman dont make me cry, 
That number is forever like the struggle here to win
Got the feel for the wheel, keep the moving parts clean. 
Ain't nothin' like it, her shiny machine. 
And you make it harder.. 
I don't wanna hear about it later 
But you were young and bold and baby didn't that 
Something got the bite on me 
And I think I like 
We came... we came... we came through blood and fire
That's all I ever need, uh huh. 
But I like that bottle better than the rest. 
The tender touch 
Standing on top of the world 
Want my iron in that fire 
Home grown, and down home, whew! 
She wants the good life, only the best. 
Or changed the channel when you saw a hungry child? 
Once born, can't ever be not conceived 
Ain't gonna talk about love, no more, no more, ah 
Wooo-oooo-oooo 
I know the law friend. 
The underground, oh, oh 
Ain't no picture ever say it right 
Tell me what is wrong 
Got me on pins and needles 
Woman get crazy if she cant go 
I see a glow that fills this room 
Come see your children; yeah, they're lighting up the skies. 
Keep smiling on til then 
You can't imagine what your image means. 
Uh, I like it 
Seeing what I wanna see 
I like to take each step, one by one
Up and down, around and 'round 
(Ah) Looks just like an angel,but he's just talking trash 
Go ahead, jump. Jump!
When my axe cuts me deep, I let it bleed 
'Cause you know I wanna be 
Dig that steam, giant butt, makes me scream, I get nuh-nuh-nothing but the shakes over you 
To love somebody faithfully 
Be sure you're hurting long before you fly,
Just grease it up and bring on the heat 
(This is Meanstreet) Go and hunt somebody down 
A goodman, he's hard to find
Mine, all mine
I'm naturally wired 
Without a shoulder to cry on 
Three dollars, first minute, gosh, man, after that, it cost ya four 
And right down to the knick of time, 
It hurts so much 
Just out of reach.. Oh-oh 
Her thunder thong around your neck.
There must be a better way (ooo-oooh) 
In and out 
U.S. prime, grade A stamped guaranteed 
Searchin' for the light 
Nobody rules these streets at night like me, nobody, ah 
(Oooh) Uh, little dreamer 
Have you ever really touched love once?
Oh, come on, baby, dance the night away. 
Yes I am
Love, love is the source 
Wait like the wind,watch where she blows. 
I heard the wind a whisp'rin', strong magic comin' on! 
You corner my dog, It dont let you past, 
Safe from harm
Sleep and dream is all I crave 
It's you and me ooh
She's good enough, good enough to huh! 
Now I walk like someone else 
Ive been rich and Ive been poor.
'Til things get out of control 
Now you're saved by a higher voice 
Don't wanna talk about love 
Same amount, in 'n' out 
(Dancing in the streets)
One man horny, spanked 
Salt shaker, little lick a lime, ohhh 
He's got the look. Top Jimmy, he's the king. 
I know you're in love, so, baby, make up your mind. 
Things you've never realized 
Let's talk, more action, with no distractions 
I wanna hold you and say 
Take a look at this! 
Baby, take me home 
Someday, we'll be 
Right behind the rear-view mirror now. 
It's never gonna stop they'll run ya till you drop 
You take a chance with new beginnings 
Tell a cop, tell a friend, think we hit the stoney end 
But I was young and I was far from lonely. 
You know that you want it, baby, 
Ow
What you need is on the menu and you get it tonight. 
Girl, you really got me now 
Yea they love it when me and the boys 
Now everybodys suffered
(Show your...) Show it, ow 
I like the way the line runs up the back of the stockings. 
That sweet rhythm,of the road 
just to piss me off?
We can't throw this all away 
A quick stop in the Bulldog 
So this is love? 
And she's comin' she's comin' 
and a buck is all you earn.
I'm your ice cream man, baby, stop me when I'm passin' by 
Oh, please can you shine some light? 
Standin' there....oh 
Sure feels good 
Until I get mine, yeah mine
Just walk away, if I fall shy at all
Where silence speaks as loud as war 
Got me so I can't sleep at night 
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy 
Dealin'....I'm dealin' with these things I'm feelin' 
She wanted something to regret 
Got me all fired up 
I've been thinking about this Saturday night with you 
I wanna love you, maybe set you free. 
I drive just like you!
What they want to see 
So clear your head, find a way home 
Fits paradise to a T 
it's really just the way we sing it. (Sing it:)
Let's do this bottle right. 
Put it out, put it out until Judgement Day 
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! 
Just as long as she drives me home 
you're facing the wrong lane.
I ain't fooled, gettin' ready. 
I can't seem to get her out 
It's what's happening? 
Is that you? 
Whoo! How 'bout 'cha now, 
With the power of deity 
The grass is never greener and there's plenty around 
Yeah, the cradle will rock. 
Of the unforgiven
But all this can't be worth my 
Man, I thought I'd hit the wall 
And it's the final bell for pushing broom. 
Some goes to women, some goes to Jesus, 
Turn and swear 
Just look around, whoa yes 
It's gettin' hard to find 
Hey, hey, hey, hey, one break coming up! 
Felt so much 
Sayin' I can't wait to feel your love tonight, ooh 
Ohh that's what dreams are made of 
And it ain't gonna change without a fight 
Someone cracked the seventh seal 
Get it and jump. Jump!
Ooh, I need your lovin' 
Oh here it comes again 
No one could look as good as you 
A break in this routine 
as in: "must accept as is."
Wired, naturally wired
You can talk to me
Lemme show you, 
Yeah, she's gotta have a soul, 
Ah yes!
No, I don't ask for permission 
She got a doorbell sign:
Every day down heres a rainy day
Look at all that money, baby 
Somebody get me a doctor.
One more piece of the puzzle, I'm there 
What a sweet talkin' honey with a little bit of money can turn your head around. 
Are you for real, it's so hard to tell, from just a magazine. 
Screaming electric green
So i can make sense of 
All we need is music (sweet sweet) sweet music (sweet sweet music) 
Grab a guy,grab a girl,everywhere around the world. 
Bop bada, shoobe doo wah, whoo 
Baby-yeeaahh
And there's a short supply 
Well, I'm usually passin' by just about eleven o'clock 
Hey ray, what you said is true 
Fire in the hole (hey hey hey hey hey)
My baby, let me fill you up inside (up inside) 
A year to the day! 
Oh yeah 
I'm all feed up, watchin' tv 
Oh oh oh ooh oh
Don't waste time 
Same old pickup lines 
You know that you want it. 
Well, don't skip romance, 'cause you're old enough to dance the night away. 
Shake it up, pick it out nice, 
It must be good for something 
Ah." 
(Beggin' you baby, beggin' on my bended knees) 
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight 
Questions deep within your eyes, 
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin', yeah 
And always trust 
Go try a little dance, so Cabo Wabo 
No comin' back, back for more
All you'd need 
Oh, little darling, 
And I say, rock on! 
So come on baby, please
Top Jimmy cooks, Top Jimmy swings. 
(I) said If you're doin' business with me, honey
I can't remember when I was your age 
The one I want!
You're gonna make me crash
Hot shoe, burnin' down the avenue. 
It's right now 
(I can't wait to feel your love tonight) 
And the dreams in between 
Yeah!
Ev'rybody needs some. 
A little thick in the bottom 
And it left a scar. 
Tell me, what are you waiting for 
Strawman, don't have a leg to stand on 
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme 
Like a hound dog chasing a bird 
Oh say it isn't so, baby 
(Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, bay-yeah!)
Ah but ah,she just looking good. 
Yeah, got to got to bleed baby 
Pretty woman.
No borderline in the sand I'd trace 
I'm alive, I'm electric, inspired 
Fire! 
Let's take a walk down easy street 
If you don't know what that means 
How long can this go on 
He's got everything 
Uh, I said I like it 
If I cannot see you from afar 
Turn this thing around
Tell me what you gonna do
rhyme.
They'll find a cure for anything 
I need a change, I need it quick 
You're a nervous wreck.
Mercy! 
Yeah, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. 
This dream is over, (oooh oooh oh) 
Here we go Around, (round, round, round) 
Got no room to second guess 
Hey, I don't understand
But it's my turn to try 
Cause we may never be here again 
Cause something heached out and touched me 
All you bad bad boys - got one man horny, spanked 
Come on smile and say cheese 
Sandman, kicking mud in your eye 
Or couldn't keep quiet, when she needed a hug 
That makes a woman 
but who returns once again to squeeze you no doubt!
90 days on the road is what I need 
Just like I told you before, before, before 
Walking down a dead end street 
Purple mountains' majesty
She was seaside sittin', just a smokin' and a drinkin' on ringside, on top of the world, oh, yeah. 
This could be like yesterday, 
Hey you, wake up, get yourself together 
And the river runs a little too deep 
Oh, man it's hard enough, yeah.. 
But yesterday I was alone 
That's what's on my mind 
Pretty woman, Oh you look lovely as you could be, 
No matter what they say, I disagree. 
Got it bad, got it bad, got it bad, 
Hold on a second baby 
Yeah, we're all fast breakers comin' out of the gates takin' chances. We're the crash and burn. 
No I can't recall any love at all 
There's no need to be denied 
Hey Eddie 
Now who you're gonna call when you need that special (special) little something 
You're old enough to dance the night away. 
Look around, whoa yeah 
Purple mountain's majesty
I'll just, I'll just love you 
Gonna give it all we got. 
Im done with coexisting.
Tell ya what it is 
I can shoot a gun in the streets 
Hold on 
Barely a beginner, but just watch that lady go. 
Needed a girl to call my one and only. 
'cause I've tried, yeah I tried for it 
All your dreams are strange, love comes walkin' in 
Oh, I know it won't hurt, 
But now I see how you really are. 
You're both a bunch of suckers 
We're stripped, drawn, and cheated, 
Contact is all it takes 
Feel like throwing in the towel don't be a fool 
We can crash on the beach 
Crank it, blow out 
And then some lovin, wouldn't that be nice, yeah! 
Whoo, Bop bada, shoobe doo wah, bop bada, shoobe doo wah, (ba da whum) 
Panama, Panama
Pumpin' up for the show 
If you take your whiskey... 
We'll see the light 
Now, I'm a seaside sittin', just a smokin' and a drinkin'; 
Might as well jump.
A little more volume in the headphones please...
yes you are in danger.
Top Jimmy and his Rhythm Pigs 
It's only one scene, but to me it don't matter 
Leather,across his thighs, 
Deadman, living for tomorrow 
They're dancing now 
I'm just a sucker for a pretty face
And do it anytime 
Just like I told you before, uh before, uh before, before 
I've been feelin', I'm feelin', I'm feelin' things that I don't know 
And while she watches I can never be free, such good photography ! 
I, I been dreaming 'bout tomorrow 
Well, I'm sick and tired of cleaning room. 
Get up and make it work 
And if it don't come easily 
Got an on-ramp comin' through my bedroom. 
You don't have to worry about the man 
(This is home) But hear me now, somebody said "Fair Warning, Lord !" 
Yeah you may have all you want, baby, but I got somethin' you need 
I can feel your pain.
Just out of reach, oh-oh 
Face down, 
I feel like running politician 
I got a line, you got a pole 
Like it's 
Oh tell me why should I care or even, why should I try? 
Come on baby close your eyes let go 
Ow, woo, oh, show (show) show your love babe, ah, yeah 
We'll make it last forever 
Have you ever been touched? 
Claiming victory 
Now showbiz is so thrillin', the camera rolls she's willin' 
Now I know none of this was planned, it all just kinda happened 
My heart, you're breakin' my heart. 
(Show your...) Ow
You say you're lonesome just getting by,
I'm ringside, on top of the world. 
Have you seen her? 
Creatures from the sea with the look to me like she'd like to fool around. 
Nobody rules these streets at night like me, the atomic punk 
(didn't you? didn't you?) 
Yeah, I'm rolling slowly
I must confess 
You and I 
I've been thinking about it all week long 
A fire!
I barely survived 
Hey, got to got to bleed baby 
Until we meet again, 
And I'm sick and tired of golden rules. 
Down in Cabo 
Seems no one's talkin' 'bout the 
(Oooh) Little dreamer, oh yeah, oh 
That when you look inside your heart 
It's everywhere 
Woman, just wanna fly in first class 
Who's it gonna go to? 
Wow-oo-ow-oo-ow! Yeah
Oh! Put it out until Judgement Day 
(Ah) 'take those','need' and 'give all',this much you understand 
In the absence, there's a presence in my heart 
Babe, I said I like it 
Some call it luck, it's all the same 
Baby come on)
Fever starts to climb, reaching 105 (degrees) 
I don't know. Did you tell me? 
They comin' out for sure. 
Hold on, one more 
(hey hey hey hey hey) 
I have your picture, yes I know it well. 
Familiar faces familiar sights 
She's good enough to huh! 
A sucker all dressed up in a 3 piece suit 
Sometimes a certain tom's he gotta peep 
Everyday I watch the tide roll in 
Darkenin' your door 
I want what I wanted 
Makin' plans 's a waste, ain't no future here 
Ooo, Ahhh 
Ooh, yeah.... 
I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna 
I just don't want to talk to him now 
Honey, I ain't through with you 
Baby this blows 'em all away 
(Standing on top) Hey darling 
In a word to the wisdom tooth 
Falling inside my own pleasure dome, miles and miles from nowhere 
Up in New york city (Dancing in the streets) 
She decides and you agree, she's leaving 
Some of that big, fat money, alright 
We was sittin' ducks for the police man. 
Yes, I'm living at a pace that kills
Try and figure you out
And it said, "Open my eyes. Leave it all behind." 
it's the meanest blues of all 
Caught a plane outta Moscow 
And I'm alone, I'm on the highway, wanted dead or alive, dead or alive. 
But I ain't home at night 
Just kill the pain 
You see I'm beggin' you please 
Well, I'm feelin' better now that we're through. 
Say it like ya mean it!
Today I am a star and broke.
Yeah, that's it, a little more to the right, a little more.... 
I don't care if you're John Wayne 
The fact from the fancy 
it's no longer me!
I wanna crash on the beach 
How expensive he was
Well he used to go out drinking, 
You better watch your mouth 
Be your own best friend 
Honeybabysweetiedoll You're the one that I want or I don't want one at all.
Ain't got no money, got no house on the hill 
Catch that smile and I hit the roof 
The choice is up to you 
Come back when you're younger
I found the simple life ain't so simple
Love's only to share 
Baby, you got something 
Uncle Danny had a coal tattoo
Model citizen zero discipline 
Heartaches all around me, how many times we cried. 
Splash that holy water on me 
Once it's decided, a line drawn in the sand
Didja get your head lost in a daydream? 
We gotta try a little dance, so Cabo Wabo 
If love has got you down then love can pick you right back up 
Only missed by a fraction, 
The only one I want (the one I want)
hey got you goin' in, they got you comin' out 
Let's do it 'til we're black and blue 
Her movies get down like you won't find in my hometown 
Oh girl, come on 
Wondering if Ive done it wrong, 
Yes, I'm all fired up 
I like to look at the long run
Let's do it 'til we're black and blue
I'll eat with my fingers 
You red hot Florida trailer trash
One thing you must believe 
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on some of that 
Space station, starvation, premature ejaculation 
If she can't, then nothin' else can 
Give me another cigarette 
I wants to tell ya, 
And she knows she's mine and ain't lettin' go 
And never touch 
A little bit of everything, even when it hurts 
Baby, please!
Seems like forty days and forty nights 
But, honey, if you're needing a woman just as bad as me, you ought to be goin'. 
You got to tell him anything 'cause 
All my life Ive never stopped to worry 'bout a thing, 
Only thing that's on my mind - ah, she's forgotten my attention 
Oh, take me back 
Anytime (ah)
(Ah) He'll make conversation,but she's listening to your cash 
You think you got the int'rest. 
I got a one track mind, my blinders up 
Swapmeet Sally
(Baby come on)
And don't want me tryin' to live it down 
Ah, yeah, wow 
Your love starts fallin down 
cause you and your blues.
Tell us how you do! 
Yes, I barely survived
If I'm wrong then I'll pay for it 
Yesterday was such an easy game for you to play, 
And I want to do that with you, babe. 
Around the world, search in every corner 
Aint no Red House over yonder.
There just ain't no love line in her direction, oh 
But then my homework was never quite like this. 
Some shine and some keep you guessin' 
The ballot or the bullet 
Yea, yea, yea
I've been out there, 
I'm holding on 
Hot damn, burn an Amsterdam yea 
Ah. 
Mmmm,Im tell you now 
Pretty woman stop a while,Pretty woman talk a while, 
'Cause I can feel the thunder
And she'll be up for negotiations, if you call back for more 
Girl, you better start thinkin' somethin' real. 
It happened just like that 
Just remember when you follow through,when the over isnt planned ah yeah! 
You work me up, I pay my plan 
Did ya break a heart, like little girls often do? 
Your bile inside better left unsaid
Do it 'til we're black and blue 
Sweet 'n' sour, filiblister 
Tell you a secret to make you think
I wouldn't know what to choose 
Once over 
Tryin' to hit the road 
I am a victim of the science age, uh 
Woman, you suffer from a color.
Your's very truly,
I'm all conditioned, what I say 
Summer's here and the time is right,for dancing in the streets, 
but I'm high on luck.
Over and over
I can't tell you what's right for you 
Standing on top of the world, 
Well my telephone was ringing and 
Sexy dragon magic
Sucker. 
Tell me a story 
Ooh, mama, see the firelight. 
Ones like you ain't never seen 
You're doin' all you can to make me sad and blue. 
All the bills are paid. I got it made in the shade, and all I nee, nee, need is the woman. 
My teachers all gave up on me. 
Psst, hey, come on man, wake up. 
If I had it all to do I'd do it just the same. 
Overloaded, baby, I can hardly walk. 
To love somebody honestly 
Babe to make the best of what you havent had, ah yeah! 
buddy, you don't got to hurry. Take your time. 
Hey, hey, hey 
Somethin' to fill in the holes 
Right now, baby I'm alone and I'm swallowing a lot of pride 
And she knows what love is for (ahhh) 
If I had one wish I'd, take it 
You can feel it yeah 
It should mean, a little, a little more (ahhh) 
Wired, naturally wired 
I had a dream it was really you 
When you were last mine 
Her feet are making tracks in teh winter snow, 
I give you my share with no conditions 
Well, that liquor in the nighttime leaves strange memories. 
Around the block, maybe once or twice, 
Yes, I'm searching 
An emancipation, a false proclamation? 
I can't tell you but it lasts forever 
Drive my search engine home.
You got a hold on me
If I cannot hear you from afar 
No, I ain't bitchin' 'bout the things you been puttin' down here in the street 
You're running blind,but she jumps the gun. 
Broken now I can't help but feel 
No, nothing could be further 
Stay until it rolls away 
And I see lonely ships upon the water. 
I brought my pencil 
Never gonna change
If we stand the test of time 
The stakes have never been higher
Everything turns out all right 
She's blinding, I'm flying, 
All I wanna give you woman (Oh) 
I'm running back for more 
It burns 
Oh oh oh oh 
Really last 
Spread your wings 
Waiting for someone to come into focus 
Jump back, what's that sound ? 
That's all we need baby don't cha know 
To my master I become a slave 
Looking good through the window 
Next year I'll head out for the coast 
Hey I don't know 
Take me down, down, down, down.... 
(Ah-ah-ah) 
Telephone, telefax, telefunkin' teletrash 
Child of the night, 
Oh, that's right, yeah, whew 
Since you went away 
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on outta there, 
I tried, I tried, even die for it 
Whoa-oh-oh, can you tell me?
I'm a bad little cowboy, Send me to you're room
Out upon the islands on a cool summer night, 
?? why you're leaving me again. 
Huh! 
You know I, I found the simple life, weren't so simple, no
First come,First served,he's serving it back, 
Gimme some of that, uh ha, uh ha, ha...Ow! 
Like the dawn of a brand new day 
I cannot get there from here, baby 
Or it won't feel right, 
Everyone's looking for something 
Ain't no Brinks truck
Ain't no way I'm stayin' home tonight 
You get every inch, play splat an' bone 
Hurt me!
Say you missed me...
their 19th Nervous Breakdown.
Sail away with someone's daughter. 
I think I'm gonna jump up. 
Show, show your love babe, ah, yeah 
Livin' with the aftershock 
Had me all worked up inside. 
I just don't want to take no calls 
Every riddle 
Creatures from the sea with the looks to me like she'd like to fool around. 
I'm livin' with the aftershock 
And I know you know I got no special plans. 
Uh uh uhu (in 'n' out), uh uh uhu (in 'n' out) 
I know how it's gonna be 
Though our circumstances 
Give me something real 
My friend, ain't talkin' 'bout love 
I've been to Rome, Dallas, Texas 
Uncomfortable in the realm of the political 
Never one for all, only one for me 
Down to Meanstreet 
I can't get enough, I can't get enough 
You got me so I don't know where I'm goin', yeah 
Hey, give it to me 
I'm goin' straight to hell 
I never sent it, she wouldn't have heard, her eyes don't follow me. 
Fire in the hole (hey hey hey hey hey) 
Oh,oh, got that rhythm, 
Superman, he looking for Lois 
What's it gonna take to liberate? 
Yeah, yeah the one I want (the one I want) 
Catch as catch, catch as catch
Come and talk to me
Send me a dream or two 
The best to you each morning.
Oh, come on, take me back 
On the stage, off my strings, down my face 
Danger in the rearview mirror 
Well alright, oh, big, big money 
Sweet little wishbone, oh yeah 
And now we're wasting time 
If I were you, you were me 
Wanting their piece of the pie 
Ooh, lovin' and a livin' and a treat me like a fool. 
It's got what it takes 
Got politicians smokin' crack 
Kickin' back, ain't kickin' you, no, no 
Are you for real ? It's so hard to tell, from just a magazine. 
Christ, what's a man to do? 
Ya know your sugar daddy 
Alright 
Three sixty-five, five, fiiive! 
Cinderella, waiting for her charming 
I'm incomplete
Come on give me something 
Guess that woman fallen in love, she don't work for free 
This suburban garage-a-trois
(Say it!)
You got me so I can't sleep at night 
And all over me 
Least I don't need to beg or borrow
Ain't gonna tell you what's right for you 
I'm gonna get it all in one big pot (one big pot) 
We'll get higher and higher straight up we'll climb 
Like a dirty water doggin' a bird 
Wont let you past 
I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight and I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. 
Takin' care of the music biz 
Oh wow! Take it off! Take it all off! 
You take an average guy 
Juke-joint Jimmy is the latest thing, he's got the sound that everybody digs. 
And true love will never die 
My, my, my I guess that I never thought she'd walk 
(Oooh) You are the little dreamer 
One more payment, lay it down, on the ground Same amount, in 'n' out 
That ain't no way to treat the broken hearted
No truer words have ever been said 
That we can make it right 
Yeah, I'm walking, don't need no ride 
Of your breath
I broke a heart, simple and true. 
And that is, I'm slowly fading away
but she was cool.
(Ah) Well all your dreams of riches, are based on magazines, 
Cause separation 
Lost in a world, can't find my way home, miles and miles from nowhere 
Its all happening downtown.
I think I heard an angel sigh. And she said: 
What's there to do tonight, anything? 
How many say I, how many say I 
I'll send the message in a bottle 
Oh,oh,oh she get crazy, 
It's on my back but it ain't my monkey, no 
Have you ever looked down when the homeless walked by? 
Stone you like nothin' else can 
Baby, got to have your love 
Well I'm just trying to figure 
They sent the sheriff down to try and drive us away. 
So fine and pretty. Fooled me with her style and ease. 
(Ah) No this aint television,but its more than it seems 
I feel good, so good, so good, so good 
I don't belong to any race 
The menace's loose again 
Yeah 
what does that make you?
Millions of miles, oh no, miles and miles and miles from nowhere 
I'm in a cold sweat 
Whisper in my ear, rest assured that 
Oh, deja vu
Just to love you 
We're not defeated, noooo, 
Pistons popping, ain't no stopping now! 
For a little while. 
I wrote a letter and told her these words, that meant a lot to me. 
Damned if I do, and then I'm damned if I don't. 
Standing on broken dreams 
Hey-hey-hey! Oh! 
If I cannot kiss you from afar 
I'll meet you down at the ole fishing hole 
Look at all these little kids 
Your I.Q. plummets fourteen points.
And if I asked you not to try 
I never see them, but they're always on my back. 
My karma just ran over your dogma.
Badness bringing up the rear 
I'm only wastin' time. I think I'd better go. 
Look the same in the mirror 
Don't draw the line 
(Used to be, I couldn't sleep at night, baby 
I tried, I tried, 'til I'm satisfied 
Yes, I better take my chances 
That's just what's expected
That ain't no way to treat the broken-hearted
Land's end, you'd have to see it 
Home grown, way down home, yeah! 
Wah! 
In this town thats called progress,
Can be held by the same hand
I get up, and nothing gets me down.
Wash away my suffering, oh 
That's how it'll always be 
Headless body in a topless bar.
Well, back in the past when I was treated so coldly, 
She's the woman (Sing it:)
Ma and pa look back on all the things they used to do, 
Are you lonely just lik me 
Oh they got you comin' in, for the same amount 
All you bad bad boys - call her up on the spank line, huh 
I just can't take it! 
Woman get crazy,if she cant go 
Wearin' out my welcome 
You can always have trust in me 
This one blew my mind, oh 
A bitter pill, and an overcast 
I'll tell y'all about it
Oh yeah, you really got me now 
Fine piece of real estate, yeah 
went to hear this cool cat blow. 
Now, come on!
She's the woman
He's a fighting man, sure enough 
Does not the bit, bridle the horse 
I thought I'd found you once again 
Oh baby we belong in a world that must be strong 
And I think I like, like a hound dog, chasin' a bird
The jury look at me, say, "Outta luck." 
I'm your last loose end. 
She's the woman (Go on:)
They may talk about you cold when you were 
Some kind of alien 
I guess Ill go home,its late,maybe tomorrow night... 
Why behave in public if you're 
Cause we're sick of these four walls 
Never had no money and they always told the truth, 
To love somebody secretly 
All the way, they got you down 
La-la-la-la
So open up and say ahh-men 
Hey, man, that suit is you! 
Can't take it anymore. 
Lookin for direction 
Now you gotta run to get even 
Sound a little bit absurd. Hey! And a little too late
You say that love has got you down well that's bull 
It's enlightened me, right now 
Walkin' the streets doing that ole, the Cabo Wabo 
We don't have to chase it 
Adrrrrr... 
Little by little, gonna get it, I swear 
Memory filling, filling this empty room 
Yesteryear I may be gone 
You know how sometimes,you got to rush, 
That funny feelin again winding me up inside 
I'm telling you, ow 
And don't like me makin future plans 
I want more 
Standing on top.
A man needs love to live, I'm the living proof 
Oh, that's my woman, 
Shine the light on a shadow
She's given me the runaround, yeah, ow! (round, round, round, round) 
Yea, yea, yea..... 
Love of the craft
But we're not defeated, Nooo, sir 
Hooked into her system 
When the rest have packed it up 
One soul, one mind 
Change with a wink of your eye 
I can see you don't know which way to turn,
Fill me up and then I'm satisfied, own me 
But I'm a'comin', back again, yea 
Daddy's little sweetie after some damn rainbow 
Is there anything left in that bottle? 
and I suffered 'cause of you.
Somethin' you feel but can't explain 
Josephina, if I asked you, would you tell me? 
Lost in this pleasure dome, lost in my own pleasure dome 
Say you're gonna leave me cause I only tie you up. 
Don't wanna hear what love can do 
No middleman, 
Slip n' slide, push it in 
Travels light,without a pack,without love. 
Cha........ Yeah!
She's given me the runaround, oh, ow! (round, round, round, round) 
Your bad mood's permanent.
Wow!
(Oooh) You were the little dreamer, yeah, yeah 
Uh just to try to make herself feel better 
Look at me, look at you!
Down to Cabo 
Ooh, I live with fools!
Feelin'....no, don't like what I've been told I'm feelin' 
Feelin' like something's gonna blow 
(oh, women in love) 
Your magic greets everyone who reads. 
Ain't I glad that love is blind? 
Baby, Lover, Angel Face(s), SatinDoll You Straight Up Aces
Falling inside my own pleasure dome, I'm miles and miles from nowhere 
Just one of the mysteries of creation 
As Is is how I follow through.
Heh! 
Oh, but that's not me 
Let me take you down 
We'll be coming back. Don't come running to me. 
Want! Want! Yeah! Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah! 
Yeah, that's the woman, 
Don't you dare start what you cannot finish
Unspoiled by progress,
If I choose, I can take the fall 
The only one I want (the one I want) 
Now I see that all I want... 
Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin' 
Broke a heart for someone like you. 
I checked it out. I think you ought to know. 
How many, how many, say I 
Well, the kid is into losin' sleep and he don't come home for half the week. 
On a count of three 
livin' on a playground? 
First you say that you will 
Grow it long, shave it off 
Life is hard, never soft 
But one night's all we're given, so, baby, leave me alone, or, baby, stay the night. 
How about a 9 on a 10 scale 
You turn and swear 
Oh can't you see me standing here,
Ooh, it makes me blue! 
'cause it's always been there
Returning home of the prodigal 
For the distance between us 
She saw the look in his eyes, 'n' she knew better 
Mayday! 
And all I've got I had to steal
Uh, I like it
(Come on baby, you say yeah)
I will show you around 
No, No, nothing's gonna stop me, 
Where have all the good times gone. 
I grabbed that telephone 
Oh, I like it 
Tattoo, Ta-ttoo!
with a Chevy for my summer home.
You know 
It's how you dress 
Oh I.... I... I..... 
For sure Ah 
I've got my back against the record machine
I watch my television; almost lost my mind. 
I think of all the education that I missed. 
A better way (ooo-oooh) of, of passing the time 
Forgotten empires
Whole lotta Shakespeare going on and on and on.
Come on, take a chance. 
Got nobody waiting at home
I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin' things that show me what 
They break your heart so damn easy 
I been that way for a long, long year. 
Maybe enough ain't enough for you 
Lemme hold that 
No explanation, just wasting time, yeah 
Somewhere,lost it in a turn 
I do most anything, keep 'em doing anything, 'cos 
You know that magic often does. 
Mailman, looking more like your daughter 
Greatest thing you've ever seen 
The pages come alive. 
No one talks about the 
But uh, better use it up before it gets old, no 
I tell you honey you're the prettiest girl I know, yes 
High crime zone in the city of lights. 
held, held by the same hand!
Feel it. Can you feel it?
No I.... 
Could this be the one that got away? 
She's walking back to me 
Down in New Oreleans (Dancing in the streets) 
Pictures in an empty room 
before he admits he's lost.
I guess less is more 
I need everything this life can give me 
All you bad bad boys - with your mind blown 
Past the crazies on my block 
She get crazy, 
Oh how he got a big ole belly 
Now no one's talkin' 'bout those 
Birds against an icy sky. 
His folks are overjoyed. 
Some people live apart; 
Big fat money 
For me, it says no more, no more 
You know I lost a lot of friends there baby, I got no time to mess around 
Position's always been a little left of cynical 
Don't stop the setting sun on my kingdom come 
He's the man the town used to fear, 
On my shoulder is a number of the Chapter he was in
But I, I just can't do it all 
Yes, I'm gonna like it 
I'm singin', I'm dancin' most every night. 
and I..... 
Yeah, you're leanin' back, and your foot's tappin' and you got your head right. 
All you bad bad boys - call her up on the spank line, ah, hey 
I want you to take me there 
When heavy is the weight of the world 
Some friends of mine, just the other night, 
Hey, you remember when that girl was prom queen? 
Now Jamie wouldn't say, "All right", ah, she knew he'd forget her 
I tell you honey now you've let your life grow cold, no 
Can't say the same for today
Photographs from the past 
It's my destiny 
Better change your tune 
Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. 
Get up and make it work
Oh, what a fool believes 
'Til I got a Fat City address 
Don't you know it means the same to me, honey 
Hey-hey-yeah! 
I never really knew 
Now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool 
Give you everything you need 
I tell you sugar by midnight I'll be fly'n' 
Uh uh uhu yeah (in 'n' out), uh uh uhu yeah (in 'n' out) 
Always makes her laugh 
The wetter the better 
And I got something 
Won't someone tell me what it is they all want? 
Blue eyed murder in a size 5 dress 
I swear I've been with you 
All you bad bad boys - call her up on the spank line, ah yeah 
To love somebody equally 
Talkin' some new kicks 
I'll bear that same old cross on Judgement Day 
Uh huh, I never stop, I'm usually passin' by, just around eleven o'clock 
Wanna see my I.D.? Try to clip my wings! 
They won't believe it when they see what they're seein' 
Your iron lung's a bag of wind
They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy 
Girl gone bad 
Nothin' lost, tell me, how can I lose 
I got everything you wanted 
I have a apolitical blues and 
I don't wanna find religion 
No Evil Woman got a hold on me.
Uh ha, uh ha, ho 
Right here and now 
One time, boys 
By keepin' the dream alive
One eye on the road, crashed upon his head, 
Wow! Put it out until Judgement Day 
Wax it down now 
Blasting out the night,he's terrified to drive. 
While your back is turned 
Welcome to China Town.
Hey!
Guess I better say my prayers 
Throw it down and roll it over once or twice 
Go see baby now! 
Where the guave worm, well he's mine all mine 
And I see the same old faces 
Hey, Baby, Whew! 
Show me, show me your
Gimme some of that big fat money
A child of the storm, whoa yes 
Rinse cup, and spit again
You've got me captured, I'm under your spell. 
Teach you your final love lesson 
Put that to the floor 
With just one wish you can't refuse 
Oh,oh a looking good 
Oh yeah..... 
Whoa, yeah around, 
It's a plan or an opportunity 
Can't ever be untouched
Knows how the system can be beat. 
Well, I'm a bum in the sun and I'm having fun. 
Hey it all depends how you see it 
downtown after hours.
Get her out of my mind
(This is Meanstreet) Lord, strike that poor boy down
How many say I, how many say I
The more I look 
Lemme get on some of that, 
Hot shoe, burnin' down the avenue, 
I'm talkin' some new kicks 
She be headed where the thunder rolls, 
Get your feet back on the ground, 
And then say I love you, but aren't willing to show 
Every clue 
I want some too. 
Oh Lord, I've heard the shotgun 
But not one thing I tried 
See it, oh can you see it?
my other apartment.
This ain't no party, this ain't no show! 
Come on take me down, down, down.... 
Start lookin' in 
On every wall and place my fearsome name is heard 
Rich was better, totally better.
In mother earth's soul, yet 
Ahhhhh...
Spread your wings an' open wide (open wide) 
But not all of yours 
Fallen angel looked alot like you 
Wait for the opening 
I just want to feel 
Baby, please! 
And it's all wrapped up in a tight little bundle 
I need more than just words can say 
I can't stop lovin' you, oh 
Feelin' what no one else will ever know I'm feelin', oh.... 
Reach for the golden ring 
All these crazy women, one more crazy night. 
When it's love 
Home grown, and down home, 
Sometimes a certain tom's gotta peep 
love it when he rolls his eyes. 
You never really know 
No light at the end of the tunnel
Where have all the good times gone.
Ah,ah,ah 
And I'm seein' what no one else will ever know I'm seein' 
It'll last forever 
With long legs straight on up to her lunch pail 
Can't survive and think to win.
I gotta have mine, yeah mine
I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight, and I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. 
Oh, love once. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
If everything is going your way
Your husband's comin' home 
Faucet pouring, fresh 'n' bitter 
Rock on! 
Baby, I checked it out. I think you ought to know. 
And maybe there's a way 
It's our home 
Now, you go on. Do what you want to.)
Uh!
'Cause you got me
I guess I'll never learn. 
Uh that's for sure 
Uh so I, I told the fellas out behind the bar 
I don't know, In don't know what I'm seein' 
Hey baby, make it nice and sweet, 
You'll lose her in the turn. 
Woman you suffer from a color
Aint gonna Dust No Broom.
(Standing on top) Hey, baby. 
Baby, just come on, come on, come on 
Holyman, take me to the promised land
C'mon babe!
'cause you know it's coming at you 
Baby, don't get uptight. 
I'm sure that there were times, life could be unkind 
Right now, hey 
I got good lemonade, ah, dixie cups 
But never losing sight 
You put a spell on me
Love takes a little time 
Love 'em all I says.
Still cookin up an old time, long lost recipe 
You can say what you like, it's all confidential, oh 
Is this the one that got away? 
Help me 
Kissing the ground 
So this is love! Well, she finally kissed me. 
He fought for the unions - some of us still do
No distractions, ah, no distractions, I'm on a mission, whew, aw
I've seen the damage done 
Some call it fate, some superstition 
Lord I think I found, found, found.... 
I just love 'er keepin' me hanging on, 
Ow! 
When I'm startin' off with nothin' 
Numb my brain 
Sucker all dressed up in a 3 piece suit
Now come on baby
Year to the day! 
(Beggin' you baby, beggin on my bended knees) 
To believe in a miracle 
It's my life, get off my ass, get outta my face 
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground running 
Oh-ooh somebody tell me 
Dance, dance, dance the night away. 
Yeah dreams come true
Or even suspect it
Is how hard we tried 
Yeah, you just smile and the picture sells, look what that does to me. 
And then something crazy happens
Hot summer nights that's my time of the year 
Face down in Cabo 
Blue-eyed murder in a side-swiped dress 
there will be times 
I can't wait to feel your love love love love tonight, aw, wah wah 
You've got to roll with the punches to get to what's real
Baby how you been?
So dream another dream 
No more growing codependent over you.
Another accomplice slinging dirt 
Leaving here we aggravate you 
One more walk through problems, 
Woo
She's always been there 
She want's to send him a letter, uh yeah yeah 
A moment in time 
Ah, one time 
Uh no, no, no 
Now who's that babe with the fabulous shadow? 
Pizzaman, just wanna slice 
Well are you prepared for your very last breath? 
When love will come or go 
Staring at the sun 
Without you, without you
Straight from my heart oh tell me why 
There must be some kind of way 
Got a hold on me
Put the pedal to the metal 
And you're the one I want (the one I want) 
I'm on fire 
Now look at all of the people here tonight...
I'm stepping over 
Oh yea, uh oh, oh yea 
I'll be the first to say that I'm blind to the world 
Rooms without doors open for me, oh no 
Shes as strong as the mountains,walks tall as a tree. 
Shuttin' down, gotta stop this thing 
Everybody lets stay focused.
And baby while we at it ive had it
Til we meet again some other day 
Honeybabysweetiegirl let me count the ways you rock my world
Though nothing's on the shore 
Now she's working on the street, shakin' poor boys down. 
You got Allah in the east 
I live my life like there's no tomorrow
I just wanna sink my teeth in that 
This can be everything we've dreamed 
Flat stone cold lied to, 
And falls between the cracks 
(Told Ya!)
In mother earth's soul, not yet 
Wanting my pie in the sky 
So autobiographic
Vision of Light, 
trouble busting through.
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up your choice 
Hey! With more time to kill 
But ev'rybody wants some. 
For the count 
You can have it now, but you gotta pay for it later 
There's trouble in the wind 
You're no good, no good. 
All you bad bad boys - just call her up, it's a spank line
How many, how many, say I
Checkin' out the girls see what they got 
Still like the air, in a whitewash tomb 
Oh man, I ain't got a clue, how you get out, or how to find this place 
Droppe, chopped, Alabama chrome.
Once dawn, can't ever be not light 
Looking for a fight, 
Heroes aren't born, they're cornered
Where's it gonna come from? 
The underground, whoa yes 
Mmm, mmm-hmm
But she knows what that'll get her 
cause of you and your blues.
Lost in a world so far from home, I'm miles and miles from nowhere 
Would you rather guess, when you just don't know 
Flip on over 
Only one I know 
We're gettin' funny in the back of my car 
So why draw the line, meet you half the way 
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground running
Taking me miles and miles from nowhere 
Fire in the hole 
Candyman, yeah the candyman can 
Oh tell me why should I care or even, why try? 
She's on fire, 'cause dancing gets her higher than anything else she knows. 
Hey only fools rush in an only time will tell 
I want the best of both worlds 
Now you're working for the man, yeah 
I likes that jazz. 
Chew your words, lest you choke 
Oh yeah, one time 
Running with the devil
The only one I want (want)
Pretty woman wont you pardon me,Pretty woman I couldnt help but see, 
Love, love is the source of infection 
I'm a beggin' you 
Ooh, baby, baby. 
I got it bad, so bad, 
Yea come on now, roll an Amsterdam 
Welcome to my town, my town, my town!
Girl you're sensational and this gets better yet, ah yeah! 
Money makes this world go 'round 
Apeman, ain't nobody's uncle 
Can't this be love 
We drink Mescal right from the bottle 
For I have sinned 
Join the Family 
Come on down 
But wait.. what do I see.. 
I believe it was inevitable 
Baby, baby, still love 
Why, why, why, I never thought she'd walk 
Bop bada, shoobe doobe doobe doo wah 
I've been through hell and back again 
They'll run you round and round it's plain to see 
Love once?
Yeah! With more time to kill 
(Oh!)
How many roads must a man walk down
Huh uhh 
No one's above suspicion 
Yeah, Josephina!
I hold fate from a string 
Down, down, down, down, down, down, 
OOOOOOHHHHH YEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
Tell me, honey, will your lovin' pay my bills? 
Start playin' love with them human toys 
Josephina, would you lay down your defenses? 
Hey what the hell it runs, so
Nothing's missing 
You lay your sanity on the line 
It's alive and it's kicking
Non-stop talker, what a rocker! 
Feed her your message from above 
This is home 
Don't you know she's coming home with me? 
By any means necessary
(I can't wait, I can't wait) 
This freezin' snow is gettin' really old 
High rise, high rent before it's earned, it's all been spent 
You say you don't know, you won't know until you begin.
And it ain't gonna change, it ain't goin' away, no 
We can push with all our might, but nothing's gonna come 
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up my choice 
She ain't about to give an inch of ground, no.. 
And in the end on dreams we will depend 
World turns black and white 
He wanted her tonight, ah, and it was now or never 
She got a rainbow that touches her shoulder, 
Get, get, get, get, get out and push 
Til the brown skinned woman, 
Whoa!
She got rhythm, 
Then you say you won't 
We forget where we come from sometimes 
Now he gotta see that woman,everynight, 
I don't wanna, I'll maybe do a look 'n move 
Pretty woman yeah yeah yeah,Pretty woman look my way, 
So let me tell you honey just how fine you are, yes 
Something special, something new 
There'll be times, 
Yeah, the search goes on 
Almost ended up blinded 
No way you can stop me now, as fine as you are. 
Can anybody in their right mind could see,
Stare at disbelief in me when I just up and walk outta love (outta love) again, (outta love) once again. 
If you take your whiskey home. 
Once whoa-oh really, really touched? 
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah 
Pay attention, watch your back 
They say, "You coulda least faked it, boy." 
He put so many in line
Said she tried to leave me but her hands were always tied. 
Sing and add it up, for throwing yourself out the window 
All right, you sinners, swing! 
Reach for the sky 
Who can't identify 
But when I roll you over baby, you don't care 
Got no love, no love you'd call real
following no hearse.
Uh uh uhu yeah, uh uh uhu yeah, uh uh uhu yeah, ooh c'mon 
but it remains to be seen.
Had the whole town scared to death, 
Tell me you, I'll show you me
I'm all conditioned, is it alright 
Hey waitress you got any specials here tonight 
Score me some Panama red, yeah 
See the whole wide world turn upside down. 
What you take's the real kind - aw! 
Before it makes me sick 
Is it right to take the easy way 
Just could be your boat is comin' in. 
Yeah, we're runnin' a little bit hot tonight. 
We dont save up.
Oh by the way, what's your sign?
Alright! 
She been there before,she'll never give in, 
(Show your...) Show me 
Contact! Asleep or awake 
It's just something you feel together 
There'll be swinging,swaying,records playing,dancing in the streets,Oh! 
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight, aw no 
Harvest moon, soon will pass 
Oh,mmm,uh,mm,mm 
She want a sucker, sucker in a 3 piece 
I can't wait to feel your love tonight
Down with the shotgun 
I'm just a little impatient 
The say he sang so good that the roof fell in, and they didn't even stop the show. 
That ain't down your alley, no 
Oh yeah, gimme some of that big, fat money 
my love life was a darn disgrace. 
Oh, yeah, yeah! 
The belt 
Is everybody ready? 
Well, ain't life grand when you finally hit it? 
tomorrow morning.
(Come on, Dave, give me a break.) 
Close your eyes 
Now he leads a different life... 
I'm holding back, yeah, I got control 
I said it ain't going to change without a fight 
Honeybaby My hearts a flame, I'm all up and you're to blame
The sword or the pen can be 
She take me down, down, down to the bottom 
you better bring it, or don't ring it.
late for the hanging,yes he's heading for the moon 
Put one and one together and it blowed my mind 
I'll be out until the mornin' light 
Wrapped up, nice and tight 
I'll get her! 
Naturally wired 
Another world, some other time 
Dancing,dancing in the streets, 
He's just a sucker in a 3 piece 
Walk me down to the wishing well 
The only one I know 
There's a picture in the gallery of a 
Time was on our side and we had everything to gain, 
There's a choice 
Now what'd ya think is nothing 
A great night for all concerned.
Doin' the Cabo Wabo 
(Good God, y'all) 
Hey-hey-yeah!
But there's exceptions to the rule
And I don't care where I'm goin' 
What are you waitin for 
Now I'm saved by a higher voice 
I've been sitting here 'bout half the night. 
Ah yeah, whew, my kinda action, aw, uh 
Anyway, if I make 'em, then I solve 'em 
Pay your dues, stay on track 
Drop dead legs, pretty smile, hurts my head, gets me wild. 
Miles and miles and miles and miles, oh 
And I'm searching for the latest thing 
My mother lode, hey 
Now me, look, I got this job not just beeing myself 
Gotta, gotta, gotta work it out
Oh, got some real fine, poundcake.. 
Senorita, I'm in trouble again,
Strongman, yeah he knows how to cry 
I feel good 
We see a man 
A stone bald head 
Boogieman, he giving me the creeps 
Tongue tied in a tangled web 
Well, you never know when love will come 
Every day down heres a rainy day.
And I'll pay for the rest of your life 
Alone to himself,he's laughing up his sleeve, 
I'm your ice cream man 
There'll be laughing and singing,music swinging,dancing in the streets 
Everybody wants big money, oh yeah 
She up and left, and I almost died. 
Some say money is bad for the soul 
And I hear that same old talk 
Been that way for a long, long time. 
Oh, 
I'm wanna tell you one time
Hey baby, it's the only way out 
And John Paul's all bullet-proofed 
Buddy, you got womens on your mind. 
Come on, take me back 
Now my baby's up in lights 
Turn me up real loud, I'm in your ears, ah 
I wanna know why can't this be love
Oh, oh, baby, bottoms up. 
Oh (miles and miles), oh yeah 
All mine, all mine, all mine 
All right boys 
My quiet contemplation 
Help me find that miracle 
Weren't they amazed when you were 
Honeybabyhampton's (bitch)
We're in for a very long night. 
Oh... 
She comes like the secret wind 
(Dedicate one to the ladies...) 
Hey! I barely survived 
Baby, you're no good. 
Headed for the skies 
Josephina, there's so much I want to know 
Like watching someone reinvent
Coming around you may wake up to find 
(Oooh) Little dreamer 
Feelin' over fine. 
Feelin' no pain. 
He made her feel so sad 
Say boys I think that might just call for a toast, yea 
Standin' there 
Yea them girls are biting good tonight 
She don't like it when it's cut right 
Ooh, lightin' up the sky. 
But I was young and I was far too crazy. 
Still you want that sugar daddy over me 
And it's mine, all mine, all mine 
Been standin' still. With more time to kill 
Please
Yours honestly 
It's alright by me 
Well, I ain't about to go to school. 
Aint Going To Heaven anytime soon.
All dressed up in your mother's clothes 
Crop is gone, left only chaff 
Woo!
Down at the starting line...
Bullethead,
So come on, come on, come on cause she's 
We had a love so hard to find 
Uh! Ah! Come on, she got, she got, ah! 
Flyin' high 
Crazy days gone past 
Imagine the mystery
Who (Oooh) cares about the clouds when we're together 
To love somebody tenderly 
Mmmm,da yeah! 
By the time mine usually do
And I ain't crying 'bout the love I'm paying for 
Seems a lifetime since yesterday. 
I want some of that 
Ah but then lets face it,things are easier today, 
Oh, I'm twisted and tied 
You can always tell the winners
Hey me yea I been working up an appetite 
An inspiration, 
We can have have the best of both worlds a little 
Don't let this get around to the outside 
Yea we just wind 'em up and let 'em go, oh yea 
Guess it ain't hip enough now 
Pretty woman, walking down the street,Pretty woman, the kind Id like to meet, 
This is heavy lifting.
Baby, I ain't through with you 
Too much temptation 
Stormy weather, oh yeah 
If you wanna see other guys
Risin from the streets 
Believe it. Can you believe it?
the day is dunzo
Well I'll have some of that 
I can't stop lovin' you 
How did you know that golden rule ? 
Don't you let him put down 
And I...... 
I will surrender, I'll surrender to my 
Uh uh uhu yeah (in 'n' out), uh uh uhu yeah (in 'n' out)...
Ah, Yeow!!!! 
Some brand new group to sink my teeth into 
That's what's going down on the inside 
(Oooh) Little dreamer
Now, I'm broken down and dirty, dressed in rags a from the day my mama told me, "Boy, you pack your bags." 
Heart-break in overdrive 
Right now, honey all I know is what I'm feelin' inside 
Oh, yeah, right now 
His own church applauds 
Is the best part of a man,Yeah 
Oh, deja vu 
I'm doing the victory dance!
Yeah, you know that you're headed for a lot of trouble. 
I woke up to yet another day 
Keepin' me temporarily satisfied 
There ain't no way 'round the system 
I'm tripping and stumbling across the land, full of miracles 
One ear to the ground,he's listening to the dead. 
Yeah, the one I want (the one I want) 
La-la-la-la-la
You got Jesus in the west 
Just tune into what this place has got to offer 
And I know not what it's like 
I told her, never in hell, no special reason. 
(I can't wait, I can't wait) Whoo 
The assurance only hope can bring 
Lived a cat named Big Bad Bill, 
Tell me why can't this be love 
Can't say but your time is through 
Me and the fellas might be interested in 
Ooh, we're comin' out tonight. 
You can't get romantic on a subway line. 
Oh could you let it be 
Looked him in the eye 
Once whoa-oh-oh really touched? 
Go ahead, jump.
And then one night in sunny victory 
Could not recall just where or when 
It's looking like the city towed 
No I... I... I... 
Or felt like mine 
A luckyman don't always know who they are 
Once whoa, really touched? 
Here's to your thin red line 
None of 'em know it 
One light that shines 
Dream another dream, this dream is over, (dream another dream) 
And we don't worry 'bout tomorrow 
There's a sleepy town, south of the Border 
Now black is white and white is black 
Trouble seems to fit him like a glove. 
Oh, we're the lost generation, 
Whiteman, tryin' to get a tan 
Bitch sure got the rhythm 
Than one night stands, whoo 
At the 'leventh hour. I'm goin' back outside. 
The point i'm trying to make 
Oh baby, make up your mind. 
'fore I can even make it through the night. 
Time is running out 
Uh! 
And nothing else could ever do. 
That's right... 
Down at the starting line
It puts me through the roof, yea.... 
Hey fool, wise up, better late than never 
You better call up the ambulance, I'm deep in shock. 
It's all right there 
Summer nights and my radio 
Come on too strong, when a little's too much 
Don't wanna wait til tomorrow, 
Catch that magic moment, and do it right, 
You can feel it 
We think a lot but don't talk much about it 
It's always been there 
Stronger than Samson I declare, 
It's a long hard way 
Mommy didnt need no little boys,Wont you tell me, 
Pretty soon you just might 
Passing by.
Oh yeah! 
I can barely see the road from the heat comin' off of it. 
Still cookin with that old time, long lost recipe, yeah, whew! 
Best believe that needle hurts you
Hidden inside
Best part of a man Wow!
I know that you believe in me, 
Please, don't ever let me be 
Well, I been workin' since a ten of nine 
Once we had an easy ride and always felt the same, 
due to budget constraints.
Will you ever be the same? 
I were you and you were me 
In a home-grown, and down home, 
Slipped a little off your pace, oh, 
Got one foot out the door 
Some of that big money 
Light 'em up!
No good, no good, no good. 
Communication Breakdown.
She's so fine 
Traffic is giving you trouble?
We can change the things we say 
Once seen, can't ever lose sight 
So good, so good, so good 
You know, it's more than just an aggravation. 
I'm on fire with just one look 
I always drift on commercials, yeah yeah 
But you try to take the Fifth 
And when it's over 
I wanna be your knight in shining pick-up truck
Better save the women and children first.
Panama, Panama 
You'd be sitting pretty 
Seen you drivin' up and down my road 
Ya got a mindful of decavities 
Hey Hey Hey 
Now everybodys suffered.
Changin hands 
I don't know what it's like 
You gotta give, give more than you take 
Oh! Hey! 
Suddenly I walked you home 
The road to destruction, 
Black and blue 
Yeah, yeah the one I want (want) 
All my flavors are guaranteed to satis-uh-fy 
Ah, can you shine the light? 
Hey! 
The aforementioned 
I'll come and I'll take what's mine 
My world keeps getting smaller 
Whoo, we'll hit the town we'll have a hell of a time 
Come on pay the rent 
That's one of the reasons that I was out of place. 
Scream, go on and scream that your love is all you're knowin'. 
and... BOOM!
Won'tcha turn your head my way? 
You'll get some leg tonight for sure! 
C'mon, babe, 
Check me out on the good side here 
You got to give more than you take 
Ah. Take each step baby, one by one
I hear music on the landin', and there's laughter in the air. 
Chew before swallowing pride 
Poorman, he just want a little 
I had to pay admission when I came tonight. 
I'm gonna be 
You look at every face in a crowd 
The pendulum will swing, swing into power 
Just to try to make herself feel better 
Big Bad Bill is sweet William now, 
There's a time and place for everything, for everyone 
Now I ain't saying that I'm never gonna beg you, oh baby come back 
Babe it's rotten to the core 
Have you ever really touched 
I'm chasin love down a fine, fine line, ow! 
Out of my 
But now I'm livin' with the aftershock 
Dance the night away. 
Runnin' with the devil
Don't have to show you proof of anything. 
They're out to knock you out, put you down 
that woman's waited up all night for me again. 
Speaking the word of God 
Kickin' down, where to start 
Aaa-ohh Hey you! Who said that?
To love somebody naturally 
No, not fade away 
they told me it was Chairman Mao 
I know about this school. 
Come on, crash on the beach 
I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by 
Like a train runnin off the track 
(This is home) See, a gun is real easy 
Like a tongue on fire, no one can tame
Light up the sky. 
There's a fire in the hole (hey hey hey hey hey) 
We'll get higher and higher leave it all behind 
Told ya I was comin' back...
All these token words that you legislate 
They say I'm crazy, from the wrong side of the tracks. 
I'm in love 
Oh! 
Oh, I can't stop lovin' you
No one's got it wired 
Don't tell me what love can do 
Watch the left, watch the right, below 
I'm in love with you
The end is dead ahead 
Ah, yeah! Beautiful girls. 
And I know, baby, just how you feel.
Right now 
Can happen once 
As are the stars, I only have you 
Yes I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by 
Rock on!
or could this be love? 
Hey it ain't gonna change overnight, no 
Take me back, baby 
He just a sucker 
I suffered cause of you.
Goin' out, in 'n' out 
Sometimes I just wanna do nothin' 
But you turn your eyes from me,
So don't be tryin' to putt no mo jo on my butt, anyway 
Though not in vain like our forefathers 
And she hula's when I walk
Daddy didnt need no little toys, 
Don't wanna break her in half 
Provin' to be a fraud 
B-b-b-b-b-b-bullethead
Cookin' up that old time long lost recipe, for me 
I got a feeling she dont know either, 
This ain't groovin', this ain't funky 
A live wire. 
I got more than I wanted, but how is still a mystery 
Whoo! Gimmee. Ah!
Love once? 
I wanna be there with you 
How else am I to know, that all the while 
A self made businessman, 
Then simply pulls a string 
We celebrate when the the gang's all here 
Outta touch most the time 
She kinda took me by surprise 
And when history repeats her hour 
(That ain't no way to treat the broken-hearted)
All seven senses tryin' to deliver 
Oh yeah, ain't talkin' 'bout love 
So very autobiographic
But not for a long 
Dream another dream, (dream another dream, oooh ooh ooh) 
I don't wanna, I'll do what I please 
Shook hands with the devil 
Well can't you see me standing here,
T-T-Teacher stop that screaming, teacher don't you see ? 
Uh ha, uh ha, ho, 
Pianoman, in the mood for a melody 
North and South, East n'West, right n'left 
You're a sugar mama 
I'm hot for teacher. 
Talk to me babe!
Well I'm a bullethead.
Lights! Camera! Action!
Hey, I heard you missed us, we're back ! 
Yes, it's love in the third degree. 
Got me a long night ahead 
You know I wanna make love in the sea 
Love comes walkin' in
Little girl from cherry lane, how did you get so bold ? 
Now I'm ahead of the game 
Not enough to fill me up 
Through the ice into the fire 
C'mon, it's everything 
Set it cool real heavy. 
All you bad bad boys - call her up on the spank line, uh 
But she don't like the way I dress 
We was broke and hungry on a summer day. 
Well, I can feel it inside of me 
Nobody ever told you that your 
I know you're in love, so, baby, make up your mind.
or love of the buck?
Come on baby
(Ah) Can't crow before I'm out of the woods,
Says you're a stranger 
She owns the time. 
You said 
There'll be music everywhere. 
Big Bad Bill is sweet william now (doing the dishes) 
(This is Meanstreet) In this desperate part of town 
Best to see these true colors than follow one of your false virtues
Pretty woman say you'll stay with me, 
Stare at disbelief in me when I just up and walk outta love (outta love) again, (outta love) once again. A-g-g-g-g-gain.
some days you're the hydrant.
Some Casablanca gin joint?
Every time we touch 
Oh baby, you know what I like 
I look back and I wonder 
I felt the real thing is poundcake 
I went out and bought some brand new shoes 
You can change your friends, your place in life 
Warring clans in lowered cars.
This circus just left town. 
Pictures on the silver screen 
Lost in this pleasure dome, lost inside my pleasure dome, yeah 
dont mess around.
Big Bad Bill dont fight any more,(No he dont) 
Still we try, win or lose, take the highs 
I wonder who I'd rather be 
Yo mama! 
Straight ahead in front of me 
Gonna fix it so you never leave this house of pain 
Feels so good 
rhyme, 
Got no face, got no religion 
Ah Play it boys. 
Fire
Unless the love is tried and true 
Yeah, ya spent a lot. Ya got lost in the jet-stream. 
I travel far across the Milky Way 
I don't know what I been livin' on but it's 
got a different kind of truth
Stand up and say 
It makes me blue! 
They're dancing in Chicago (They'll be dancing) 
Conductor don't like it, says you're wastin' your time. 
(Tattoo, tattoo)
No distractions, I got no distractions 
Ain't talkin' 'bout love 
Your ticket out of poverty 
Yeah
The poor folks play for keeps down here 
I hadda tell them baby, you were armed with 
Have you seen Junior's grades? 
From afar
What a snappy little mammy. Gonna keep her pappy happy and accompany me to the ends of the earth, ah, yeah. 
Place comes to life every night 
Woke up in life to find I almost missed it. 
Wired, wired 
Lost victories long past
Oh! Whoa, yeah, on Judgement Day 
What love could make me do 
Feelin' better, baby, I'm over you. 
It said "Gimme (gimme a call sometime") 
Bop bada, shoobe doo wah (bop bada, shoobe doobe doobe doo whum) 
bring it or don't ring it.
Yes you need some bringing down, 
To tell, or not the truth (yeah) 
you're gonna hear the angels singin'Ah. 
Yeah, she got, she got me hot 
Let's get the party started.
Showed me what I hadn't seen 
Boldly going nowhere,
Fate is my pimp
The saints and the sinners
Yeah! 
Better look out now though, Dave's got somethin' for you 
No, I ain't going 'round saying things about you, I can't repeat 
Hey, tell me who you're gonna call, when you need that affection 
It's your way out, 
You painted daughters of the Tong underground
Yesterday I was a bum and broke.
Spent one cold night in Berlin 
Yeah, can you shine the light? 
Is thst me with your happydays, 
Is all we need to know, 
Oh man, I think the clock is slow 
You better call me a doctor. 
Got you comin' in, for the same amount, goin' out! 
Badman, looking for attention 
Right now, 
How do I know when it's love, 
Anything you want 
Oh baby, I'll be there 
Big Bad Bill is sweet william now (mop up dat floor) 
How does it feel when it's love 
No Stormy Monday waits for you.
Are you ever so silent, when she wanted to talk? 
Is not enough 
Might as well jump. Jump!
Ow! Come on and finish me!
No I.R.S. 
Wiseman, following a star
I can't wait to feel your love tonight 
Workin so hard, to make it easier, whoa, 
I got 'er in my sights, but 
Don't like the middle squeezing me 
Til we meet again
A man on a mission, up ahead 
I dig both don't care which
Why is this crazy stuff we'd never say poetry in ink?
Till we got stung. 
Could this be magic, 
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' 
Let Cupid sort 'em out!
You know, it's more than just some new sensation. 
Dig it! 
Big Bad Bill is sweet william now 
Ah, shoot it!
Lick up one side and down the other 
Nothing feels the same 
The truth gets left behind 
Once present, can't ever be past 
Dream another dream, (dream another dream) 
I'm always extreme 
Look too long and I can't help you 
kinda lost sorta rich
Ah my, my, my 
Just like I told you before, uh before 
I heard about your lessons, but lessons are so cold. 
Well, they say it's kinda fright'nin' how this younger generation swings. 
Oh my my, I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by 
Searchin' everywhere 
Ooh, I live with fools! 
They're the living dead 
Well I ain't saying I'm different 
I'll wait till your love comes down. 
Gonna make her feel nice 
You better call up a doctor, feelin high
I feel my heart beat, feel my heart beat, feel my heart beat, oh yeah. 
Must a lied 'cause I ain't leavin'. 
I'm as bare, I'm as bare, as a barren womb 
I've fallin' deep into 
Always one more, you're never satisfied 
She'll be gone tomorrow like the silent breeze. 
You got it tough. I've seen the toughest all around.
Somebody get me a doctor. 
It's not who you squeeze
Higher and higher who knows what we'll find 
Cause it's a rip off, 
Stop lookin' out 
Oh, I know, I know, I know, I know..... 
What you were like, long before
I learned my lesson, baby. 
Overloaded, down the drain. 
...two...three 
Love, love, love, love is the source 
Aint goin down to no Crossroads.
Make future plans, don't dream about yesterday, hey 
Come on, let me take you down 
No no no no, don't take 'em off, don't take... Leave 'em on, leave 'em on. 
I get on your knees and pray 
Driving me insane 
Yeah, I barely survived
Let the magic do the work for you 
Yeah, yeah 
Well, my baby, she don't want me around. 
Well they got you comin' in, well they got you goin' out 
Nothing left, nothing right 
Jimmy on the radio and even on the video, that baddest cat alive. 
I'm sorry honey if I took you just a little too far, yes 
Come on, feelin' hey, I don't understand these things I'm feelin', no.... 
bomb the moon until you're crazy dead.
I've been tried and convicted, it's winner take all 
Feels so nice 
Sucker in a 3 piece suit 
Oh no 
She knows exactly what I need 
So sexy and so frail 
Heaven right here on earth
Don't their bus'ness take good care of me, honey 
I think it's time to roll 
Ow, whoo, woo, show (show) show your love babe, ah, yeah 
Maybe I should go to hell, but I'm doin' well, teacher needs to see me after school. 
Well, you're in our town now.
Slow to forgive, when you're holding a grudge 
So baby dry your eyes, save all the tears you've cried 
Got the first step down, I know what I want 
I got the tools to satisfy
Ah, Josephina!
Drugged into sin.
Yeah, 
Just (Aaah) sing a song an' think bout sunny weather 
A little low on cash
Yeah they talk about you cold when you were 
Ah, you reach down, between my legs, ease the seat back. 
Got that rhythm,of the road 
Give me everything I want 
Oh, little darling 
Jimmy on the television, famous people laughing with him, 
Just trade in one for the other, 
Pretty woman, I dont believe you it must be true, 
There's a full moon out tonight. Baby, let's begin. 
Turn your radios on, I'll be a right there, yes I will 
Not yours, it's not mine, no 
We made it through the cold 
Speaking cherry red
Touched on that feelin' for an instant 
Go for the action, with no distractions 
You're exactly what the doctor ordered,
It doesnt matter what hat you wear,just as long as you are there, 
Once revealed, can't ever be not shown 
Oh yeah, uh, I got no expections, so get on in the way 
All flavors and push ups too 
It's not that you're hiding 
Preoccupied purely with the physical
I am the ruler of these nether worlds 
Better show, better show your love, now, uh 
Only deeper, year after year, oh yeah, 
When nothing's simple then nothing's learned 
Looking back in anger,the city is rleaved. 
Don't wanna be no uptown fool. 
Don't always believe, all you need is love 
I got Elvis on my elbow
But the sun still shines (senorita)
Take me down, 
'N' so they said goodnight, ah, oh, 'n' now he's gone forever 
Jimmy on the news at five. 
And I want to do that with you babe. 
You put a spell on me-eehh
A flag unfurled, at half mast 
Yeah you corner my dog,It dont let you past, 
Might be something after all 
Any dirty deeds 
Come um um um um um, baby, bottoms up. 
I gotta have a little taste 
Too many things on my mind 
I'm all conditioned, I'm far off red 
Open up and shout it out,an' never try to sing, 
Oh when it's love 
They want big, fat money 
You'l lose her in the turn. 
The white sand sure makes a tan look nice 
Come-a, come-a, come-a, come on baby
Ah! The ballot or the bullet 
I'm a man on a mission, straight ahead 
There's a fire, fire, fire 
Show me your dragon magic
Gotta, gotta, gotta, get it right 
Here in paradise, you fool 
Looked like a long lost friend 
Ooh, I'm just a pushover 
Piece of the pie 
Lay your bodies down, I'm in your beds, your beds 
Cause I'm two days gone and I just can't see 
Come on 
Oh wow, man ! 
Well I'm a lovin' the horn baby.
Somebody get me a shot.
Like pouring salt on an open wound 
Black and blue, yo mama! 
Easy money, 
The atomic punk
I seen a lotta people lookin' for a moonbeam. 
Dropped, chopped, Alabama chrome.
Man, I thought I'd seen it all 
Stone me like nothin' else can 
And she said: I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. 
Bad for damn near everything 
In my imagination 
You know I'm beggin' you baby 
Change, and nothing stays the same 
And I'm speedin' down that line. 
Oh no, no, ah 
Press against your lips, taste the sweetness 
They don't remember the place, but they remember the face, and now everybody wanna go. 
All the words on the wall 
Now all I gotta do is get up, go out an' get her 
Blowin' steam 
Under darken skies 
Baby, I could let it slide
Mama, I can be both of them
We can come to terms 
She aint waiting til she gets older, 
Baby, gotta feeling, oooh oooh, 
He comes from nowhere,returns on his own, 
I guess you are 
I know what it is. 
Neighbors gettin' crazy 'bout the noise next door 
His platform could I endorse 
Now, listen here, honey 
I listen to too much rock 'n' roll. 
I know 
All about yours truly 
Bad for the heart, bad for the brain 
That's all I need 
Send the mayor down in his pickup truck. 
S'got me all fired up 
Right on time, you will arrive
Trust in the mercy of the sea 
Just trying to please all the time 
Love, love is the source
That we can work it out
Ah the cat was rough and tough and would strutt his stuff 
Show, come on and show your love, ah, yeah 
And now I'm gonna lose it 'cause that 
And I think I like, I think I like, I like what I see
Mmmm, you got to got to bleed baby 
Uh, uh ha, uh ha ho, yeah 
God must love the lazy
C'mon turn, turn this thing around 
I been to the edge, an' there I stood an' looked down 
Seems the old folks who come up short were the pretty little kids who didn't want it, no. 
I was in love, but Cupid missed me. 
Be the sacrifice 
And Ill tell you what Im getting rid of next:
You wanna sucker 
I'm here standing still 
Come back to your senses, baby 
Guess I knew it all along 
Hey man, anything's alright. Yeah! 
Got to have it 
Baby just spread your wings 
The song ain't dirty
Can't get away 
Gimme big, fat money 
It's a world of fools
I'm just a red-blooded heterosexual
Hey! This is mine 
Got to know why can't this be love 
The harder the better 
Go on and say yes, and really mean no 
Uh ha, uh ha, ho, yeah 
Man, I don't see no problem 
But what I do know I know feels only natural 
You don't want that sugar daddy, not over me 
Once first, once can't ever be not everlast
So take me down to the virgin spring 
No longer are we the minority
I don't know 
Whoa-ooh-oh oh, can you tell me? 
Get, get, get, get, get out and push
Yeah, there is a way with beauty, but you never gave a love cross the line where none return. 
Mine, all mine 
Man on a mission, straight ahead 
And nothing falls into place, no 
Ooh, well a sayin' that you're leavin', I don't wanna hear that talk. 
Out on Meanstreet 
You really got me 
I'm a face grenade with the sex pin pulled
Three sixty-five! 
but I'm ahead of you.
I thought I saw you in the distance 
Nothing sacred, nothing left unturned 
Since someone used my first name 
C'mon what's it all about? 
Baby, how 'bout you? 
No way to get free 'n' clear 
Wash it out with soap. Yeah! 
But still lookin' alright, yeah 
I'm seein' 
Smoke this, eat that my ol' lady's gettin' fat 
Let's go! 
I see it rolling out of you 
If you go there once, you'll be there twice 
Shinin' red and blue light 
Ah now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool 
And I'm alone, I'm on the highway, wanted dead or alive, dead or alive.
I got hula girls on the back of my leg
Then it's 3-6-9 times 
I thought it was the last
Come on baby, show your love 
Oh, yeah 
I don't care about the way that ya treated me 
She get crazy if she cant go 
Oh! Have you ever been touched? 
If you take your whiskey home.
Wolves at my door wised up quick. 
That's how it goes...
lets have some funzo.
Waitin' for love to rescue me 
I can jump 
It's a small change 
was worth exploring.
And then they voted you 
Get on your knees and pray 
At an early age he hits the street and winds up tied with who he meets, and he's unemployed. 
You and your blues.
Yeah it's up to me 
Ow (Show your love) 
Broken down and dirty, dressed in rags a from the day my mama told me, "Boy, you pack your bags." 
Come on, baby 
Oh oh oh ooh
I can almost taste it 
though I'm absolutely certain both's all right. 
Well they got you goin' in, they got you comin' out 
Here I am, ain't no man of the world, no. 
I'll get hung up on the line 
And the cradle will rock. 
How do I know when it's love 
One thing for certain, you're gettin' nothin' free 
Built up, and stand in our way ,ah 
That's what I want 
I want a run for my money, that's all 
Some days you're the dog,
Pretty woman give your smile to me 
Tried a little bit of everything 
Now they believe it, now that they've seen it 
Oh, oo-ow-oo-ow-oo-ow!
Needed someone to love and hold me. 
Inside of me
It's not so easy to find, no 
All you bad bad boys - call her up on the spank line, uh, whoa, aw 
Except for, for a subtle change 
Have you ever really touched love 
Got a pocket full of money 
Come on, get it, get it
Say live and let live, so quick to judge 
Obsessed with this feeling, I trusted it, so I followed it 
But I've tried, yeah I've tried for it 
Tell me what you gonna do 
That's right. 
Bobbed his hair 
I'm tired of hearing what love can do 
And it ain't gonna change without a fight, no 
And the joint been jumpin' when the band been pumpin' and you know they're playing crazy gigs. 
Seems like the harder I work the more my body needs 
Hang 'em High. 
Will this depression last for long,wont you tell me, 
I'm tellin' you, ow 
When love comes around 
I got a drink in my hand; I got my toes in the sand. 
Good, good, good enough 
I barely survived
I got the tools. I'll satisfy ya
Oh, mama, fill my cup up. 
Score me some heroin 
yours in a simple rhyme. 
All I need is a beautiful girl. 
Come the daybreak, come the morrow, 
Here she comes, full blast and top down. 
In my little black book 
with you and your blues.
You've got to run to win an I'll be damned if 
Love comes walkin' in 
She looks so fuckin' good 
Times you cried 
Except what I really need 
I'm your wave-tossed guy
Dream another dream, this dream is over, (oooh oooh oh) oh 
Telling me there's company 
Aint no Midnight Train To Georgia
But right now baby, I don't really wanna see your face yeah, and that's a fact 
Soon you'll see my silhouette 
Won't recognize them any more. 
Throw my rope, loop-de-loop nice white teeth, Betty Boop. 
Well, my baby's on the corner and she's lookin' so fine 
That's when push comes to shove 
I still love my baby's Poundcake 
And I can't get free (senorita)
thats how we do biz.
Lost, lost
I heard the news baby, all about your disease 
Tell you what love can do 
Stone cold, sugar daddy 
Now that I've found you: 
I like to open up with a little six on the half shell 
And it ain't going to change, it ain't going away 
Some desert island off Morocco 
So come on baby
I want my control back, but I'm afraid, I'll lose that feeling 
Say what 
C'mon,it's everything 
Love that woman,heart and soul 
Dream another dream, oh, this dream's all over (dream another dream) 
Question is,not does love exist,but when,she leaves,where she goes. 
It's not what you are 
Yeah you, you know that nothing lasts forever 
Hold you in my arms, keep you warm and 
Quiet contemplation 
All other girls, they'd be put to shame 
This is Meanstreet 
We came here to entertain you 
And all I can remember 
Yeah, I've been in debt, from conception 
The more things you get, the more you want, 
You don't have to die to go to heaven 
And when I need something to soothe my soul, 
Gotta lotta things on my mind 
Ah, have you ever really touched 
She made her mountains sing. 
Now gimme, gimme, gimme 
Then turn and swear 
Make me feel good
That's one thing I've learned from the guys 
Once sown, once can't ever be not reaped
It ain't once upon a time 
Class dismissed
When it's love
I want to live so let me die 
And I know what I got to do 
I've known you for all of mine 
Come um um um um um, baby, bottoms up.
Spring a leak 
Bom-ba-dee-da-Bom-ba-dee-da 
It's a major violation, carried away for sure 
Yes I am.
Salesman, try and sell you his soul 
Throwin' down, down tryin' to reach the bottom 
Gimme some of that, 
I'm a peek-a-boy, looking at girls 
When there's only one under the sun 
See, I've been tried and convicted, it's winner take all 
Just tell me where to begin cause I never ever 
Then chow down 
Just hangin' 'round the local parking lot 
Once shared, can't ever be separate 
Stone soul sistah soccer mom, muchacha-miga, cherry bomb
Searching for their slice of heaven 
Gonna pack your bags and leave this house of pain. 
That's what I'm talkin' about 
Oh can't you see what I mean?
No talk, more action, I got no distractions 
A dirty water dog 
Going wide, running long, feeling lost 
Give me liberty or give me death 
I need some sympathy
All I know 
Well you ain't been living till you've seen the living thing, 
Listen baby... ooh, ow, ow, uhh.... 
Seems no one's talkin' 'bout those 
Now they all call him sweet pappa Willie dear, 
Wham, bam, oh Amsterdam 
I'm overloaded baby, I say "Bye-bye!"
Rack a what 
Oh! I'm incomplete uh!
Now they want a bigger bite 
We'll do it 'til we're black and blue 
Everybody wants some 
Uh too too far 
I've always liked those kind of high heels too. You know, I... 
You're not a stranger 
Well,way down yonder in Louisville, 
Yesterday I saw my love light shine 
Bad for the rock, bad for the roll 
Yeah, when I see you and your little guitars sing to me
I'm the one the one you love 
loss of control, loss of control, loss of control!
(Come on baby finish what ya started)
Little bit of luck never hurt no one 
She don't like the way I wear my hair 
Can't comprehend the meaning of the metaphysical 
Take me back 
I'd rather leave that to your so-called intellectual 
It means everything 
(It) requires a degree of acceptance
But it takes me at least halfway to the label 
So this is love?
Uh, I'm a man on a mission, straight ahead 
Trouble by the dozens
I'm bleedin'...like no one else will ever know I'm bleedin' 
They found a dirty faced kid in a garbage can. 
Love hurts sometimes 
The sword or the pen 
She had her drink in her hand; she had her toes in the sand and whoa, what a beautiful girl, ah, yeah. 
Only to surrender 
All you bad bad boys - one man horny, spanked, bad bad bad boys 
Ouch 
And the earth returns to what it was before 
You know you're semi-good lookin', and on the streets again 
Its all sex without love 
(Ah) Senorita do you need a friend?
When he walked by they all held their breath, 
I'm fundamentally for the individual 
Run, run, run, away 
So when you sense a change 
Cause thats what love is made of
Ev'rybody needs some.
In my imagination
Every time I bloomed again
I ain't lookin' for somebody to fight. 
And if you let me cool you one time, you'll be my regular stop 
There's still some fight in me 
Good, good, good enough ohhh!
It feels so nice, so nice 
Once, once felt, once felt 
Temporarily pacified 
And I heard bells ringin' 
Yes, she knows she's mine and ain't lettin' go 
Or another man's opinion 
'N' I'm hangin' ten now baby, as I ride your sonic, ooh wave 
Aah-yeah
Poundcake 
At night I walk this stinkin' street 
Lazy eyes in the summer heat, fresh from outta town. 
You know my heart is true, oh 
This next part should really confuse things.
Got me a brand new number 
Filled me up inside 
We're stepped on an' cheated, 
Don't need to talk about love 
Freedom, never had no room for cowards
It's ok, I'll do what I want 
The one I want! 
Next episode begins and begins and begins and begins.
Oh, I wanna touch it,now, oooh oooh oooh, 
And baby I know what it's worth 
San Francisco way, (Dancing in the streets), they do it everyday now, 
Great is the forest, set by a small flame 
I think I need a shot of your love 
Too bad and I can't help you
Wooo-oooo 
Gimme some of that, whew! 
You got to have it quick (got to have it quick) 
Something that's mine, all mine, all mine 
Pigtails and painted toes 
We'd double check but you keep on walking 
I, I'm naturally wired 
If I cannot touch you from afar 
Into a world so far from home, miles and miles from nowhere 
Lord don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown 
Cry! Put it out until Judgement Day 
Dig those moves, vam-pire set me loose, get it higher. 
Fire, fire, fire 
I ain't the worst that you've seen.
If I'm right, yeah you're gonna deal with it 
You can change your mind 
See it's greater than everything 
I wonder who I'd wanna be 
Pretty woman dont walk away, yeah, ok 
There'll be dancing,dancing in the streets. 
No, I ain't gonna tell ya what's right for you 
If I'm right, yeah you're gonna hear about it 
Oh Girl, you really got me now 
For a little while 
And I don't wanna hear what love can do 
Ready, set, go! 
So come on 
Oh, it's a rip off, 
Always love you tender but you only like it rough. 
Gotta get lucky gotta get that done 
Once believed, can't ever lose faith 
Fatman, he's ordering seconds 
Change, nothing stays the same 
yours in a simple 
Why put it off another day? 
And do you really, really drive this way
My conscience loves to stick around 
I tell myself 
Bear my cross just like Jesus Christ 
And you beat it out of town 
Uh, come on!
Give me truth 
Those colors fading to grey 
Catch that magic moment, do it 
Better make up your mind
All you bad bad boys - just call her up, call her up 
Seein'... I'm seein' things that I don't know I'm feelin' 
Whoa yeah, wow 
To change your life to lose your place in time 
Found that girl with a lonesome John, but she should've been with me. 
With the blues 
Do you have to hear me say 
#NAME?
With the conviction of the unseen 
Rudder of ship, which sets the course 
Come on baby, take me home 
Gotta get it while you got it 
(make up your mind) 
When a house is divided, it just will not stand 
Forked tongue in double speak 
Mmmnnnnmmmmmm dup dup mmmnnnnmmmmm 
Let's give it all we got, oooh oooh 
Take me
Yeah, yeah livin' with the aftershock 
Dream another dream, this dream is over, (oooh oooh oh) 
You're no good, no good, no good. 
Hold your head up high, look 'em in the eye, never say die 
Big, big money, gimme, gimme, gimme 
I just wanna hear you say 
Yea, yea, yea 
I only wanna be by your side 
Blackman, he lookin' for justice 
Give it a try. 
So right down to the bottom of the top (ooh ooh) 
Slip in a dream or two 
C'mon and take the time. 
King-size repercussions
Unchained, and ya hit the ground running 
Hot damn, roll an Amsterdam 
Yeah, hey, yeah!! 
Could this turn tragic? 
Crazy days gone by 
Mmmm, so if you want it got to bleed for it baby 
I am aware the ball might roll or tumble 
Yes, the cradle will rock. 
Got a bad lil' woman, gon' bite yo' ass 
The love in me is never straight and narrow 
Miss the beat, you lose the rhythm, 
