HARRY POTTER AND THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS
THE WORST BIRTHDAY
Not for the first time, an argument had broken out over breakfast at
number four, Privet Drive. Mr. Vernon Dursley had been woken in
the early hours of the morning by a loud, hooting noise from his
nephew Harry's room.
Third time this week! he roared across the table. If you can't
control that owl, it'll have to go!
Harry tried, yet again, to explain.
She's bored, he said. She's used to flying around outside. If I could
just let her out at night -
Do I look stupid? snarled Uncle Vernon, a bit of fried egg dangling
from his bushy mustache. I know what'll happen if that owl's let
out.
He exchanged dark looks with his wife, Petunia.
Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long,
loud belch from the Dursleys' son, Dudley.
I want more bacon.
There's more in the frying pan, sweetums, said Aunt Petunia,
turning misty eyes on her massive son. We must build you up while
we've got the chance .... I don't like the sound of that school food
......
Nonsense, Petunia, I never went hungry when I was at Smeltings,
said Uncle Vernon heartily. Dudley gets enough, don't you, son?
Dudley, who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the
kitchen chair, grinned and turned to Harry.
Pass the frying pan.
You've forgotten the magic word, said Harry irritably.
The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family was
incredible: Dudley gasped and fell off his chair with a crash that
shook the whole kitchen; Mrs. Dursley gave a small scream and
clapped her hands to her mouth; Mr. Dursley jumped to his feet,
veins throbbing in his temples.
I meant `please'! said Harry quickly. I didn't mean -
WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU, thundered his uncle, spraying spit
over the table, ABOUT SAYING THE `M' WORD IN OUR
HOUSE?
But I -
HOW DARE YOU THREATEN DUDLEY! roared Uncle
Vernon, pounding the table with his fist.
I just -
I WARNED YOU! I WILL NOT TOLERATE MENTION OF
YOUR ABNORMALITY UNDER THIS ROOF!
Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt, who was
trying to heave Dudley to his feet.
All right, said Harry, all right. . . 
Uncle Vernon sat back down, breathing like a winded rhinoceros and
watching Harry closely out of the corners of his small, sharp eyes.
Ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays, Uncle
Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any
moment, because Harry Potter wasn't a normal boy. As a matter of
fact, he was as not normal as it is possible to be.
Harry Potter was a wizard - a wizard fresh from his first year at
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. And if the Dursleys
were unhappy to have him back for the holidays, it was nothing to how
Harry felt.
He missed Hogwarts so much it was like having a constant
stomachache. He missed the castle, with its secret passageways and
ghosts, his classes (though perhaps not Snape, the Potions master), the
mail arriving by owl, eating banquets in the Great Hall, sleeping in his
four-poster bed in the tower dormitory, visiting the gamekeeper,
Hagrid, in his cabin next to the Forbidden Forest in the grounds, and,
especially, Quidditch, the most popular sport in the wizarding world
(six tall goal posts, four flying balls, and fourteen players on
broomsticks).
All Harry's spellbooks, his wand, robes, cauldron, and top-of-the-line
Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard
under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home.
What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place on the House
Quidditch team because he hadn't practiced all summer? What was it
to the Dursleys if Harry went back to school without any of his
homework done? The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles
(not a drop of magical blood in their veins),
and as far as they were concerned, having a wizard in the family was
a matter of deepest shame. Uncle Vernon had even padlocked
Harry's owl, Hedwig, inside her cage, to stop her from carrying
messages to anyone in the wizarding world.
Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family. Uncle Vernon was
large and neckless, with an enormous black mustache; Aunt Petunia
was horse-faced and bony; Dudley was blond, pink, and porky. Harry,
on the other hand, was small and skinny, with brilliant green eyes and
jet-black hair that was always untidy. He wore round glasses, and on
his forehead was a thin, lightning-shaped scar.
It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual, even for a
wizard. This scar was the only hint of Harry's very mysterious past, of
the reason he had been left on the Dursleys' doorstep eleven years
before.
At the age of one year old, Harry had somehow survived a curse from
the greatest Dark sorcerer of all time, Lord Voldemort, whose name
most witches and wizards still feared to speak. Harry's parents had
died in Voldemort's attack, but Harry had escaped with his lightning
scar, and somehow - nobody understood why Voldemort's powers had
been destroyed the instant he had failed to kill Harry.
So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother's sister and her
husband. He had spent ten years with the Dursleys, never
understanding why he kept making odd things happen without meaning
to, believing the Dursleys' story that he had got his scar in the car
crash that had killed his parents.
And then, exactly a year ago, Hogwarts had written to Harry,
and the whole story had come out. Harry had taken up his place at
wizard school, where he and his scar were famous ... but now the
school year was over, and he was back with the Dursleys for the
summer, back to being treated like a dog that had rolled in something
smelly.
The Dursleys hadn't even remembered that today happened to be
Harry's twelfth birthday. Of course, his hopes hadn't been high; they'd
never given him a real present, let alone a cake - but to ignore it
completely ...
At that moment, Uncle Vernon cleared his throat importantly and said,
Now, as we all know, today is a very important day.
Harry looked up, hardly daring to believe it.
This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career, 
said Uncle Vernon.
 
cle Vernon was talking about the stupid dinner party. He'd been talk
ing of nothing else for two weeks. Some rich builder and his wife
were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge
order from him (Uncle Vernon's company made drills).
I think we should run through the schedule one more time, said
Uncle Vernon. We should all be in position at eight o'clock. Petunia,
you will be -?
In the lounge, said Aunt Petunia promptly, waiting to welcome them
graciously to our home.
Good, good. And Dudley?
I'll be waiting to open the door. Dudley put on a foul, simpering
smile. May I take your coats, Mr. and Mrs. Mason?
They'll love him! cried Aunt Petunia rapturously.
Excellent, Dudley, said Uncle Vernon. Then he rounded on Harry.
And you?
I'll be in my bedroom, making no noise and pretending I'm not
there, said Harry tonelessly.
Exactly, said Uncle Vernon nastily. I will lead them into the
lounge, introduce you, Petunia, and pour them -drinks. At eight-
fifteen -
I'll announce dinner, said Aunt Petunia.
And, Dudley, you'll say -
May I take you through to the dining room, Mrs. Mason? said
Dudley, offering his fat arm to an invisible woman.
My perfect little gentleman! sniffed Aunt Petunia.
And you? said Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry.
I'll be in my room, making no noise and pretending I'm not there,
said Harry dully.
Precisely. Now, we should aim to get in a few good compliments at
dinner. Petunia, any ideas?
Vernon tells me you're a wonderful golfer, Mr. Mason.... Do tell me
where you bought your dress, Mrs. Mason ......
Perfect. . . Dudley?
How about -'We had to write an essay about our hero at school,
Mr. Mason, and I wrote about you.'
This was too much for both Aunt Petunia and Harry. Aunt Petunia
burst into tears and hugged her son, while Harry ducked under the
table so they wouldn't see him laughing.
And you, boy?
Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged.
I'll be in my room, making no noise and pretending I'm not there,
he said.
Too right, you will, said Uncle Vernon forcefully. The Ma
sons don't know anything about you and it's going to stay that way.
When dinner's over, you take Mrs. Mason back to the lounge for
coffee, Petunia, and I'll bring the subject around to drills. With any
luck, I'll have the deal signed and sealed before the news at ten.
be shopping for a vacation home in Majorca this time to
morrow.
Harry couldn't feel too excited about this. He didn't think the
Dursleys would like him any better in Majorca than they did on
Privet Drive.
Right - I'm off into town to pick up the dinner jackets for
Dudley and me. And you, he snarled at Harry. You stay out of
your aunt's way while she's cleaning.
Harry left through the back door. It was a brilliant, sunny day.
He crossed the lawn, slumped down on the garden bench, and sang
under his breath:
Happy birthday to me ... happy birthday to me. . .
No cards, no presents, and he would be spending the evening
pretending not to exist. He gazed miserably into the hedge. He had
never felt so lonely. More than anything else at Hogwarts, more
even than playing Quidditch, Harry missed his best friends, Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger. They, however, didn't seem to be
missing him at all. Neither of them had written to him all summer,
even though Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and
stay.
Countless times, Harry had been on the point of unlocking
Hedwig's cage by magic and sending her to Ron and Hermione
with a letter, but it wasn't worth the risk. Underage wizards weren't
allowed to use magic outside of school. Harry hadn't told the
Dursleys this; he knew it was only their terror that he might turn them
all into dung beetles that stopped them from locking him in the
cupboard under the stairs with his wand and broomstick. For the first
couple of weeks back, Harry had enjoyed muttering nonsense words
under his breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the room as fast
as his fat legs would carry him. But the long silence from Ron and
Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that
even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal - and now Ron and Hermione
had forgotten his birthday.
What wouldn't he give now for a message from Hogwarts? From any
witch or wizard? He'd almost be glad of a sight of his archenemy,
Draco Malfoy, just to be sure it hadn't all been a dream ....
Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had been fun. At the very end of
last term, Harry had come face-to-face with none other than Lord
Voldemort himself. Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self, but
he was still terrifying, still cunning, still determined to regain power.
Harry had slipped through Voldemort's clutches for a second time, but
it had been a narrow escape, and even now, weeks later, Harry kept
waking in the night, drenched in cold sweat, wondering where
Voldemort was now, remembering his livid face, his wide, mad eyes
Harry suddenly sat bolt upright on the garden bench. He had been
staring absent-mindedly into the hedge - and the hedge was staring back.
Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves.
Harry jumped to his feet just as a jeering voice floated across the
lawn.
I know what day it is, sang Dudley, waddling toward him.
The huge eyes blinked and vanished.
What? said Harry, not taking his eyes off the spot where they had
been.
I know what day it is, Dudley repeated, coming right up to him.
Well done, said Harry. So you've finally learned the days of the
week.
Today's your birthday, sneered Dudley. How come you haven't got
any cards? Haven't you even got friends at that freak place?
Better not let your mum hear you talking about my school, said
Harry coolly.
Dudley hitched up his trousers, which were slipping down his fat
bottom.
Why're you staring at the hedge? he said suspiciously.
fire, said Harry.
Dudley stumbled backward at once, a look of panic on his fat face.
You c-can't - Dad told you you're not to do m-magic - he said he'll
chuck you out of the house - and you haven't got anywhere else to go -
you haven't got any friends to take you -
Jiggery pokery! said Harry in a fierce voice. Hocus pocus squiggly
wiggly -
MUUUUUUM! howled Dudley, tripping over his feet as he dashed
back toward the house. MUUUUM! He's doing you know what!
Harry paid dearly for his moment of fun. As neither Dudley nor
the hedge was in any way hurt, Aunt Petunia knew he hadn't really
done magic, but he still had to duck as she aimed a heavy blow at his
head with the soapy frying pan. Then she gave him work to do, with
the promise he wouldn't eat again until he'd finished.
While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice cream, Harry
cleaned the windows, washed the car, mowed the lawn, trimmed the
flowerbeds, pruned and watered the roses, and repainted the garden
bench. The sun blazed overhead, burning the back of his neck. Harry
knew he shouldn't have risen to Dudley's bait, but Dudley had said
the very thing Harry had been thinking himself... maybe he didn't have
any friends at Hogwarts ....
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now, he thought savagely as he
spread manure on the flower beds, his back aching, sweat running
down his face.
It was half past seven ,in the evening when at last, exhausted, he
heard Aunt Petunia calling him.
Get in here! And walk on the newspaper!
Harry moved gladly into the shade of the gleaming kitchen. On top of
the fridge stood tonight's pudding: a huge mound of whipped cream
and sugared violets. A loin of roast pork was sizzling in the oven.
Eat quickly! The Masons will be here soon! snapped Aunt Petunia,
pointing to two slices of bread and a lump of cheese on the kitchen
table. She was already wearing a salmon-pink cocktail dress.
Harry washed his hands and bolted down his pitiful supper. The
moment he had finished, Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate.
Upstairs! Hurry!
As he passed the door to the living room, Harry caught a
glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow ties and dinner jack
ets. He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door
bell rang and Uncle Vernon's furious face appeared at the foot of
the stairs.
Remember, boy - one sound -
Harry crossed to his bedroom on tiptoe slipped inside, closed
the door, and turned to collapse on his bed.
The trouble was, there was already someone sitting on it.
C H-H A P T E RR 
I
DOBBY'S WARNING
arry managed not to shout out, but it was a close thing. The little
creature on the bed had large, bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the
size of tennis balls. Harry knew instantly that this was what had been
watching him out of the garden hedge that morning.
As they stared at each other, Harry heard Dudley's voice from the hall.
May I take your coats, Mr. and Mrs. Mason?
The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low that the end of its
long, thin nose touched the carpet. Harry noticed that it was wearing
what looked like an old pillowcase, with rips for arm- and leg-holes.
Er - hello, said Harry nervously.
Harry Potter! said the creature in a high-pitched voice Harry was
sure would carry down the stairs. So long has Dobby wanted to meet
you, sir ... Such an honor it is . . . .
Th-thank you, said Harry, edging along the wall and sinking into his
desk chair, next to Hedwig, who was asleep in her large cage. He
wanted to ask, What are you? but thought it would sound too rude,
so instead he said, Who are you?
Dobby, sir. Just Dobby. Dobby the house-elf, said the creature.
Oh - really? said Harry. Er - I don't want to be rude or anything,
but - this isn't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my
bedroom.
Aunt Petunias high, false laugh sounded from the living room. The elf
hung his head.
Not that I'm not pleased to meet you, said Harry quickly, but, er,
is there any particular reason you're here?
Oh, yes, sir, said Dobby earnestly. Dobby has come to tell you,
sir ... it is difficult, sir ... Dobby wonders where to begin . . . .
Sit down, said Harry politely, pointing at the bed.
To his horror, the elf burst into tears - very noisy tears.
S-sit down! he wailed. Never ... never ever. . . 
Harry thought he heard the voices downstairs falter.
I'm sorry, he whispered, I didn't mean to offend you or anything -
Offend Dobby! choked the elf. Dobby has never been asked to sit
down by a wizard - like an equal-
Harry, trying to say Shh! and look comforting at the same time,
ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing, looking
like a large and very ugly doll. At last he managed to control himself,
and sat with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an expression of watery
adoration.
You can't have met many decent wizards, said Harry, trying to
cheer him up.
Dobby shook his head. Then, without warning, he leapt up and
started banging his head furiously on the window, shouting, Bad
Dobby! Bad Dobby!
Don't - what are you doing? Harry hissed, springing up and pulling
Dobby back onto the bed - Hedwig had woken up with a
particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the
bars of her cage.
Dobby had to punish himself, sir, said the elf, who had gone slightly
cross-eyed. Dobby almost spoke ill of his family, sir . . . .
Your family?
The wizard family Dobby serves, sir... DOBBY'S is a houseelf -
bound to serve one house and one family forever . .....
Do they know you're here? asked Harry curiously.
Dobby shuddered.
Oh, no, sir, no ... Dobby will have to punish himself most grievously
for coming to see you, sir. Dobby will have to shut his ears in the
oven door for this. If they ever knew, sir _
But won't they notice if you shut your ears in the oven door?
Dobby doubts it, sir. Dobby is always having to punish himself for
something, sir. They lets Dobby get on with it, sir. Sometimes they
reminds me to do extra punishments ......
But why don't you leave? Escape?
A house-elf must be set free, sir. And the family will never set
Dobby free ... Dobby will serve the family until he dies, sir . . . .
Harry stared.
And I thought I had it bad staying here for another four weeks,
he said. This makes the Dursleys sound almost human. Can't anyone
help you? Can't I?
Almost at once, Harry wished he hadn't spoken. Dobby dissolved again
into wails of gratitude.
Please, Harry whispered frantically, please be quiet. If the Dursleys
hear anything, if they know you're here -
Harry Potter asks if he can help Dobby ... Dobby has heard of your
greatness, sir, but of your goodness, Dobby never knew . .....
Harry, who was feeling distinctly hot in the face, said, Whatever
you've heard about my greatness is a load of rubbish. I'm not even top
of my year at Hogwarts; that's Hermione, she -
But he stopped quickly, because thinking about Hermione was painful.
I-Tarry Potter is humble and modest, said Dobby reverently, his orb-
like eyes aglow. Harry Potter speaks not of his triumph over He-Who-
Must-Not-Be-Named -
Voldemort? said Harry.
Dobby clapped his hands over his bat ears and moaned, Ah, speak not
the name, sir! Speak not the name!
Sorry said Harry quickly. I know lots of people don't like it. My
friend Ron -
He stopped again. Thinking about Ron was painful, too.
Dobby leaned toward Harry, his eyes wide as headlights.
Dobby heard tell, he said hoarsely, that Harry Potter met the Dark
Lord for a second time just weeks ago ... that Harry Potter escaped
Yet again. 
Harry nodded and Dobby's eyes suddenly shone with tears.
,Ah, sir, he gasped, dabbing his face with a corner of the grubby
pillowcase he was wearing. Harry Potter is valiant and bold! He has
braved so many dangers already! But Dobby has come to protect
Harry Potter, to warn him, even if he does have to shut his ears in
the oven door later... Harry Potter must notgo back to Hogwarts.
There was a silence broken only by the chink of knives and forks
from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle Vernon's voice.
W-what? Harry stammered. But I've got to go back - term starts
on September first. It's all that's keeping me going. You don't know
what it's like here. I don't belong here. I belong in your world - at
Hogwarts.
No, no, no, squeaked Dobby, shaking his head so hard his ears
flapped. Harry Potter must stay where he is safe. He is too great,
too good, to lose. If Harry Potter goes back to Hogwarts, he will be
in mortal danger.
Why? said Harry in surprise.
There is a plot, Harry Potter. A plot to make most terrible things
happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year,
whispered Dobby, suddenly trembling all over. Dobby has known it
for months, sir. Harry Potter must not put himself in peril. He is too
important, sir!
What terrible things? said Harry at once. Who's plotting them?
Dobby made a funny choking noise and then banged his head
frantically against the wall.
All right! cried Harry, grabbing the elf's arm to stop him. You can't
tell me. I understand. But why are you warning me? A sudden,
unpleasant thought struck him. Hang on - this hasn't got anything to
do with Vol- - sorry - with You-Know-Who, has it?
You could just shake or nod, he added hastily as Dobby's head
tilted worryingly close to the wall again.
Slowly, Dobby shook his head.
Not -not He- Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, sir ='
But Dobby's eyes were wide and he seemed to be trying to give
Harry a hint. Harry, however, was completely lost.
He hasn't got a brother, has he?
Dobby shook his head, his eyes wider than ever.
Well then, I can't think who else would have a chance of making
horrible things happen at Hogwarts, said Harry. I mean, there's
Dumbledore, for one thing - you know who Dumbledore is, don't
you?
Dobby bowed his head.
Albus Dumbledore is the greatest headmaster Hogwarts has ever
had. Dobby knows it, sir. Dobby has heard Dumbledore's powers
rival those of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named at the height of his
strength. But, sir - Dobby's voice dropped to an urgent whisper -
there are powers Dumbledore doesn't ... powers no decent wizard.
. .
And before Harry could stop him, Dobby bounded off the bed,
seized Harry's desk lamp, and started beating himself around the
head with earsplitting yelps.
A sudden silence fell downstairs. Two seconds later Harry, heart
thudding madly, heard Uncle Vernon coming into the hall, calling,
Dudley must have left his television on again, the little tyke!
Quick! In the closet! hissed Harry, stuffing Dobby in, shutting the
door, and flinging himself onto the bed just as the door handle turned.
What - the - devil - are - you - doing? said Uncle Vernon through
gritted teeth, his face horribly close to Harry's. You've just ruined the
punch line of my Japanese golfer joke .... One more sound and you'll
wish you'd never been born, boy!
He stomped flat-footed from the room.
Shaking, Harry let Dobby out of the closet.
See what it's like here? he said. See why I've got to go back to
Hogwarts? It's the only place I've got -well, I think I've got friends. 
Friends who don't even write to Harry Potter? said Dobby slyly.
I expect they've just been - wait a minute, said Harry, frowning.
How do you know my friends haven't been writing to me?
Dobby shuffled his feet.
Harry Potter mustn't be angry with Dobby. Dobby did it for the best -
Have you been stopping my letters?
Dobby has them here, sir, said the elf. Stepping nimbly out of Harry's
reach, he pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the
pillowcase he was wearing. Harry could make out Hermione's neat
writing, Ron's untidy scrawl, and even a scribble that looked as though
it was from the Hogwarts gamekeeper, Hagrid.
Dobby blinked anxiously up at Harry.
Harry Potter mustn't be angry... Dobby hoped ... if Harry Potter
thought his friends had forgotten him ... Harry Potter might not want to
go back to school, sir . .....
Harry wasn't listening. He made a grab for the letters, but Dobby
jumped out of reach.
Harry Potter will have them, sir, if he gives Dobby his word
that he will not return to Hogwarts. Ah, sir, this is a danger you must
not face! Say you won't go back, sir!
No, said Harry angrily. Give me my friends' letters!
Then Harry Potter leaves Dobby no choice, said the elf sadly.
Before Harry could move, Dobby had darted to the bedroom door,
pulled it open, and sprinted down the stairs.
Mouth dry, stomach lurching, Harry sprang after him, trying not to
make a sound. He jumped the last six steps, landing catlike on the
hall carpet, looking around for Dobby. From the dining room he
heard Uncle Vernon saying, . . . tell Petunia that very funny story
about those American plumbers, Mr. Mason. She's been dying to
hear. . . 
Harry ran up the hall into the kitchen and felt his stomach disappear.
Aunt Petunia's masterpiece of a pudding, the mountain of cream and
sugared violets, was floating up near the ceiling. On top of a
cupboard in the corner crouched Dobby.
No, croaked Harry. Please ... they'll kill me ......
Harry Potter must say he's not going back to school -
Dobby ... please ...
Say it, sir -
I can't -
Dobby gave him a tragic look.
Then Dobby must do it, sir, for Harry Potter's own good.
The pudding fell to the floor with a heart-stopping crash. Cream
splattered the windows and walls as the dish shattered. With a crack
like a whip, Dobby vanished.
There were screams from the dining room and Uncle Vernon
burst into the kitchen to find Harry, rigid with shock, covered from head
to foot in Aunt Petunias pudding.
At first, it looked as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the
whole thing over. (Just our nephew - very disturbed
 
shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room, promised
Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Ma
sons had left, and handed him a mop. Aunt Petunia dug some ice
cream out of the freezer and Harry, still shaking, started scrubbing
the kitchen clean.
Uncle Vernon might still have been able to make his deal - if it hadn't
been for the owl.
Aunt Petunia was just passing around a box of after-dinner mints when
a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window, dropped a
letter on Mrs. Mason's head, and swooped out again. Mrs. Mason
screamed like a banshee and ran from the house shouting about
lunatics. Mr. Mason stayed just long enough to tell the Dursleys that his
wife was mortally afraid of birds of all shapes and sizes, and to ask
whether this was their idea of a joke.
Harry stood in the kitchen, clutching the mop for support, as Uncle
Vernon advanced on him, a demonic glint in his tiny eyes.
Read it! he hissed evilly, brandishing the letter the owl had delivered.
Go on - read it!
Harry took it. It did not contain birthday greetings.
Dear Mr. Potter,
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your
place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine.
As you know, underage wizards are not permitted to perform spells
outside school, and further spellwork on your part may lead to
expulsion from said school (Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of
Underage Sorcery, 1875, Paragraph C).
We would also ask you to remember that any magical activity that
risks notice by members of the non-magical community (Muggles) is
a serious offense under section 13 of the International Confederation
of Warlocks' Statute of Secrecy.
Enjoy your holidays! Yours sincerely,
Mafalda Hopkirk
IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE
Ministry of Magic
Harry looked up from the letter and gulped.
You didn't tell us you weren't allowed to use magic outside school,
said Uncle Vernon, a mad gleam dancing in his eyes. For got to
mention it .... Slipped your mind, I daresay .....
He was bearing down on Harry like a great bulldog, all his teeth
bared. Well, I've got news for you, boy . ... I'm locking you up ....
You're never going back to that school ... never ... and if you try and
magic yourself out - they'll expel you!
And laughing like a maniac, he dragged Harry back upstairs.
Uncle Vernon was as bad as his word. The following morning,
he paid a man to fit bars on Harry's window. He himself fitted a cat-
flap in the bedroom door, so that small amounts of food could be
pushed inside three times a day. They let Harry out to use the
bathroom morning and evening. Otherwise, he was locked in his room
around the clock.
Three days later, the Dursleys were showing no sign of relenting, and
Harry couldn't see any way out of his situation. He lay on his bed
watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered
miserably what was going to happen to him.
What was the good of magicking himself out of his room if Hogwarts
would expel him for doing it? Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an
all-time low. Now that the Dursleys knew they weren't going to wake
up as fruit bats, he had lost his only weapon. Dobby might have saved
Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts, but the way things were
going, he'd probably starve to death anyway.
The cat-flap rattled and Aunt Petunias hand appeared, pushing a bowl
of canned soup into the room. Harry, whose insides were aching with
hunger, jumped off his bed and seized it. The soup was stone-cold, but
he drank half of it in one gulp. Then he crossed the room to Hedwig's
cage and tipped the soggy vegetables at the bottom of the bowl into
her empty food tray. She ruffled her feathers and gave him a look of
deep disgust.
It's no good turning your beak up at it - that's all we've got, said
Harry grimly.
He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lay
back down on the bed, somehow even hungrier than he had been
before the soup.
Supposing he was still alive in another four weeks, what would happen
if he didn't turn up at Hogwarts? Would someone be sent to see why
he hadn't come back? Would they be able to make the Dursleys let
him go?
The room was growing dark. Exhausted, stomach rumbling, mind
spinning over the same unanswerable questions, Harry fell into an
uneasy sleep.
He dreamed that he was on show in a zoo, with a card reading
UNDERAGE WIZARD attached to his cage. People goggled through the bars
at him as he lay, starving and weak, on a bed of straw. He saw
Dobby's face in the crowd and shouted out, asking for help, but Dobby
called, Harry Potter is safe there, sir! and vanished. Then the
Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of the cage, laughing at
him.
Stop it, Harry muttered as the rattling pounded in his sore head.
Leave me alone ... cut it out ... I'm trying to sleep . . . .
He opened his eyes. Moonlight was shining through the bars on the
window. And someone was goggling through the bars at him: a freckle-
faced, red-haired, long-nosed someone.
Ron Weasley was outside Harry's window.
H-H A P T E RR T 11-H RR E E
THE BURROW
Ron.l breathed Harry, creeping to the window and pushing it up so
they could talk through the bars. Ron, how did you - What the -?
Harry's mouth fell open as the full impact of what he was seeing hit
him. Ron was leaning out of the back window of an old turquoise car,
which was parked in midair Grinning at Harry from the front seats
were Fred and George, Ron's elder twin brothers.
All right, Harry? asked George.
What's been going on? said Ron. Why haven't you been answering
my letters? I've asked you to stay about twelve times, and then Dad
came home and said you'd got an official warning for using magic in
front of Muggles -
It wasn't me - and how did he know?
He works for the Ministry, said Ron. You know we're not supposed
to do spells outside school -
You should talk, said Harry, staring at the floating car.
Oh, this doesn't count, said Ron. We're only borrowing this. It's
Dad's, we didn't enchant it. But doing magic in front of those Muggles
you live with -
I told you, I didn't - but it'll take too long to explain now look, can you
tell them at Hogwarts that the Dursleys have locked me up and won't
let me come back, and obviously I can't magic myself out, because the
Ministry'Il think that's the second spell I've done in three days, so -
Stop gibbering, said Ron. We've come to take you home with us.
But you can't magic me out either -
We don't need to, said Ron, jerking his head toward the front seat
and grinning. You forget who I've got with me.
Tie that around the bars, said Fred, throwing the end of a rope to
Harry.
If the Dursleys wake up, I'm dead, said Harry as he tied the rope
tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car.
Don't worry, said Fred, and stand back.
Harry moved back into the shadows next to Hedwig, who seemed to
have realized how important this was and kept still and silent. The car
revved louder and louder and suddenly, with a crunching noise, the
bars were pulled clean out of the window as Fred drove straight up in
the air. Harry ran back to the window to see the bars dangling a few
feet above the ground. Panting, Ron hoisted them up into the car.
Harry listened anxiously, but there was no sound from the Dursleys'
bedroom.
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron, Fred reversed
as close as possible to Harry's window.
Get in, Ron said.
But all my Hogwarts stuff - my wand - my broomstick -
Where is it?
Locked in the cupboard under the stairs, and I can't get out of this
room -
No problem, said George from the front passenger seat. Out of
the way, Harry.
Fred and George climbed catlike through the window into Harry's
room. You had to hand it to them, thought Harry, as George took an
ordinary hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock.
A lot of wizards think it's a waste of time, knowing this sort of
Muggle trick, said Fred, but we feel they're skills worth learning,
even if they are a bit slow.
There was a small click and the door swung open.
So - we'll get your trunk - you grab anything you need from your
room and hand it out to Ron, whispered George.
Watch out for the bottom stair - it creaks, Harry whispered back
as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing.
Harry dashed around his room, collecting his things and passing them
out of the window to Ron. Then he went to help Fred and George
heave his trunk up the stairs. Harry heard Uncle Vernon cough.
At last, panting, they reached the landing, then carried the trunk
through Harry's room to the open window. Fred climbed back into
the car to pull with Ron, and Harry and George pushed from the
bedroom side. Inch by inch, the trunk slid through the window.
Uncle Vernon coughed again.
A bit more, panted Fred, who was pulling from inside the car.
One good push -
Harry and George threw their shoulders against the trunk and it slid
out of the window into the back seat of the car.
Okay, let's go, George whispered.
But as Harry climbed onto the windowsill there came a sudden loud
screech from behind him, followed immediately by the thunder of
Uncle Vernon's voice.
THAT RUDDY OWL!
I've forgotten Hedwig!
Harry tore back across the room as the landing light clicked on - he
snatched up Hedwig's cage, dashed to the window, and passed it
out to Ron. He was scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when
Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door and it crashed open.
For a split second, Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway; then
he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry, grabbing
him by the ankle.
Ron, Fred, and George seized Harry's arms and pulled as hard as
they could.
Petunia! roared Uncle Vernon. He's getting away! HE'S
GETTING AWAY!
But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry's leg slid out of
Uncle Vernon's grasp - Harry was in the car - he'd slammed the
door shut
Put your foot down, Fred! yelled Ron, and the car shot suddenly
toward the moon.
Harry couldn't believe it - he was free. He rolled down the
window, the night air whipping his hair, and looked back at the
shrinking rooftops of Privet Drive. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and
Dudley were all hanging, dumbstruck, out of Harry's window.
See you next summer! Harry yelled.
The Weasleys roared with laughter and Harry settled back in his seat,
grinning from ear to ear.
Let Hedwig out, he told Ron. She can fly behind us. She hasn't had
a chance to stretch her wings for ages.
George handed the hairpin to Ron and, a moment later, Hedwig soared
joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost.
So - what's the story, Harry? said Ron impatiently. What's been
happening?
Harry told them all about Dobby, the warning he'd given Harry and
the fiasco of the violet pudding. There was a long, shocked silence
when he had finished.
Very fishy, said Fred finally.
Definitely dodgy agreed George. So he wouldn't even tell you who's
supposed to be plotting all this stuff?
I don't think he could, said Harry. I told you, every time he got close
to letting something slip, he started banging his head against the wall.
He saw Fred and George look at each other.
What, you think he was lying to me? said Harry.
Well, said Fred, put it this way - house-elves have got powerful
magic of their own, but they can't usually use it without their master's
permission. I reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you com
ing back to Hogwarts. Someone's idea of a joke. Can you think of
anyone at school with a grudge against you?
Yes, said Harry and Ron together, instantly.
Draco Malfoy, Harry explained. He hates me.
Draco Malfoy? said George, turning around. Not Lucius Malfoy's
son?
Must be, it's not a very common name, is it? said Harry.
Y.
I've heard Dad talking about him, said George. He was a big
supporter of You-Know-Who.
And when You-Know-Who disappeared, said Fred, craning
around to look at Harry, Lucius Malfoy came back saying he'd never
meant any of it. Load of dung - Dad reckons he was right in You-
Know-Who's inner circle.
Harry had heard these rumors about Malfoy's family before, and they
didn't surprise him at all. Malfoy made Dudley Dursley look
 
 
 
Well, whoever owns him will be an old wizarding family, and they'll
be rich, said Fred.
Yeah, Mum's always wishing we had a house-elf to do the ironing,
said George. But all we've got is a lousy old ghoul in the attic and
gnomes all over the garden. House-elves come with big old manors
and castles and places like that; you wouldn't catch one in our house .
. . .
Harry was silent. Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had
the best of everything, his family was rolling in wizard gold; he
could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house. Sending
the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also
sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do. Had Harry
been stupid to take Dobby seriously?
I'm glad we came to get you, anyway, said Ron. I was getting
really worried when you didn't answer any of my letters. I thought it
was Errol's fault at first
Who's Errol?
Our owl. He's ancient. It wouldn't be the first time he'd collapsed
on a delivery. So then I tried to borrow Hermes -
Who?
The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made prefect,
said Fred from the front.
But Percy wouldn't lend him to me, said Ron. Said he needed
him.
Percy's been acting very oddly this summer, said George,
frowning. And he has been sending a lot of letters and spending a
load of time shut up in his room .... I mean, there's only so many
times you can polish a prefect badge .... You're driving too far west,
Fred, he added, pointing at a compass on the dashboard. Fred
twiddled the steering wheel.
So, does your dad know you've got the car? said Harry, guessing
the answer.
Er, no, said Ron, he had to work tonight. Hopefully we'll be able
to get it back in the garage without Mum noticing we flew it.
What does your dad do at the Ministry of Magic, anyway?
He works in the most boring department, said Ron. The Misuse
of Muggle Artifacts Office.
The what?
It's all to do with bewitching things that are Muggle-made, you
know, in case they end up back in a Muggle shop or house. Like,
last year, some old witch died and her tea set was sold to an antiques
shop. This Muggle woman bought it, took it home, and tried to serve
her friends tea in it. It was a nightmare - Dad was working overtime
for weeks.
What happened?
The teapot went berserk and squirted boiling tea all over the place
and one man ended up in the hospital with the sugar tongs clamped
to his nose. Dad was going frantic - it's only him and an old warlock
called Perkins in the office -and they had to do Memory Charms and
all sorts of stuff to cover it up -
But your dad - this car -
Fred laughed. Yeah, Dad's crazy about everything to do with
Muggles; our shed's full of Muggle stuff. He takes it apart, puts spells
on it, and puts it back together again. If he raided our house he'd
have to put himself under arrest. It drives Mum mad.
That's the main road, said George, peering down through the
windshield. We'll be there in ten minutes .... Just as well, it's getting
light . . . .
A faint pinkish glow was visible along the horizon to the east.
Fred brought the car lower, and Harry saw a dark patchwork of
fields and clumps of trees.
We're a little way outside the village, said George. Ottery St.
Catchpole.
Lower and lower went the flying car. The edge of a brilliant red sun
was now gleaming through the trees.
Touchdown! said Fred as, with a slight bump, they hit the ground.
They had landed next to a tumbledown garage in a small yard, and
Harry looked out for the first time at Ron's house.
It looked as though it had once been a large stone pigpen, but extra
rooms had been added here and there until it was several stories high
and so crooked it looked as though it were held up by magic (which,
Harry reminded himself, it probably was). Four or five chimneys were
perched on top of the red roof. A lopsided sign stuck in the ground
near the entrance read, THE BuRRow. Around the front door lay a jumble
of rubber boots and a very rusty cauldron. Several fat brown chickens
were pecking their way around the yard.
It's not much, said Ron.
It's wonderful, said Harry happily, thinking of Privet Drive.
They got out of the car.
Now, we'll go upstairs really quietly, said Fred, and wait for Mum to
call us for breakfast Then, Ron, you come bounding downstairs going,
`Mum, look who turned up in the night!' and she'll be all pleased to see
Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car.
Right, said Ron. Come on, Harry, I sleep at the - at the top
Ron had gone a nasty greenish color, his eyes fixed on the house. The
other three wheeled around.
Mrs. Weasley was marching across the yard, scattering chickens, and
for a short, plump, kind-faced woman, it was remarkable how much
she looked like a saber-toothed tiger.
Ah, said Fred.
Oh, dear, said George.
Mrs. Weasley came to a halt in front of them, her hands on her hips,
staring from one guilty face to the next. She was wearing a flowered
apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket.
So, she said.
Morning, Mum, said George, in what he clearly thought was a jaunty,
winning voice.
Have you any idea how worried I've been? said Mrs. Weasley in a
deadly whisper.
Sorry, Mum, but see, we had to -
All three of Mrs. Weasley's sons were taller than she was, but they
cowered as her rage broke over them.
Beds empty! No note! Cargone - could have crashed - out of my
mind with worry - did you care? - never, as long as I've lived -
you wait until your father gets home, we never had trouble like this
from Bill or Charlie or Percy -
Perfect Percy, muttered Fred.
YOU COULD DO WITH TAKING A LEAF OUT OF PERCY'S
BOOK! yelled Mrs. Weasley, prodding a finger in Fred's chest. You
could have died, you could have been seen, you could have lost your
father his job -
It seemed to go on for hours. Mrs. Weasley had shouted herself
hoarse before she turned on Harry, who backed away.
I'm very pleased to see you, Harry, dear, she said. Come in and
have some breakfast.
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry, after a nervous
glance at Ron, who nodded encouragingly, followed her.
The kitchen was small and rather cramped. There was a
scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle, and Harry sat down
on the edge of his seat, looking around. He had never been in a wizard
house before.
The clock on the wall opposite him had only one hand and no numbers
at all. Written around the edge were things like Time to make tea, Time
to feed the chickens, and You're late. Books were stacked three deep on
the mantelpiece, books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese,
Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Feasts - It's Magic! And unless
Harry's ears were deceiving him, the old radio next to the sink had just
announced that coming up was Witching Hour, with the popular
singing sorceress, Celestina Warbeck.
Mrs. Weasley was clattering around, cooking breakfast a little
haphazardly, throwing dirty looks at her sons as she threw sausages
into the frying pan. Every now and then she muttered things like don't
know what you were thinking of, and never would have believed it.
I don't blame you, dear, she assured Harry, tipping eight or nine
sausages onto his plate. Arthur and I have been worried about you,
too. Just last night we were saying we'd come and get you ourselves if
you hadn't written back to Ron by Friday. But really, (she was now
adding three fried eggs to his plate) flying an illegal car halfway
across the country - anyone could have seen you -
She flicked her wand casually at the dishes in the sink, which began to
clean themselves, clinking gently in the background.
It was cloudy, Mum! said Fred.
You keep your mouth closed while you're eating! Mrs. Weasley
snapped.
They were starving him, Mum! said George.
And you! said Mrs. Weasley, but it was with a slightly softened
expression that she started cutting Harry bread and buttering it for
him.
At that moment there was a diversion in the form of a small,
redheaded figure in a long nightdress, who appeared in the kitchen,
gave a small squeal, and ran out again.
Ginny, said Ron in an undertone to Harry. My sister. She's been
talking about you all summer.
Yeah, she'll be wanting your autograph, Harry, Fred said with a grin,
but he caught his mother's eye and bent his face over his plate without
another word. Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean,
which took a surprisingly short time.
Blimey, I'm tired, yawned Fred, setting down his knife and fork at last.
I think I'll go to bed and -
You will not, snapped Mrs. Weasley. It's your own fault you've
been up all night. You're going to de-gnome the garden for me; they're
getting completely out of hand again -
Oh, Mum -
And you two, she said, glaring at Ron and Fred. You can go up to
bed, dear, she added to Harry. You didn't ask them to fly that
wretched car -
But Harry, who felt wide awake, said quickly, I'll help Ron. I've
never seen a de-gnoming -
That's very sweet of you, dear, but it's dull work, said Mrs. Weasley.
Now, let's see what Lockhart's got to say on the subject -
And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece.
George groaned.
Mum, we know how to de-gnome a garden -
Harry looked at the cover of Mrs. Weasley's book. Written across it
in fancy gold letters were the words Gilderoy Lockhart's Guide to
Household Pests. There was a big photograph on the front of a very good-
IOI)king wizard with wavy blond hair and bright blue eyes. As always
in the wizarding world, the photograph was moving; the wizard, who
Harry supposed was Gilderoy Lockhart, kept winking cheekily up at
them all. Mrs. Weasley beamed down at him.
Oh, he is marvelous, she said. He knows his household pests, all
right, it's a wonderful book . . . .
Mum fancies him, said Fred, in a very audible whisper.
Don't be so ridiculous, Fred, said Mrs. Weasley, her cheeks rather
pink. All right, if you think you know better than Lockhart, you can go
and get on with it, and woe betide you if there's a single gnome in that
garden when I come out to inspect it.
Yawning and grumbling, the Weasleys slouched outside with Harry
behind them. The garden was large, and in Harry's eyes, exactlY
what a garden should be. The Dursleys wouldn't have liked it - there
were plenty of weeds, and the grass needed cutting but there were
gnarled trees all around the walls, plants Harry had never seen spilling
from every flower bed, and a big green pond full of frogs.
Muggles have garden gnomes, too, you know, Harry told Ron
they crossed the lawn.
Yeah, I've seen those things they think are gnomes, said Ron, bent
double with his head in a peony bush, like fat little Santa Clauses with
fishing rods . . . .
There was a violent scuffling noise, the peony bush shuddered, and
Ron straightened up. This is a gnome, he said grimly.
Gerroff me! Gerroff me! squealed the gnome.
It was certainly nothing like Santa Claus. It was small and leathery
looking, with a large, knobby, bald head exactly like a potato. Ron held
it at arm's length as it kicked out at him with its horny little feet; he
grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside down.
This is what you have to do, he said. He raised the gnome above his
head (Gerroff me!) and started to swing it in great circles like a
lasso. Seeing the shocked look on Harry's face, Ron added, It doesn't
hurt them - you've just got to make them really dizzy so they can't find
their way back to the gnomeholes.
He let go of the gnome's ankles: It flew twenty feet into the air and
landed with a thud in the field over the hedge.
Pitiful, said Fred. I bet I can get mine beyond that stump.
Harry learned quickly not to feel too sorry for the gnomes. He decided
just to drop the first one he caught over the hedge, but the gnome,
sensing weakness, sank its razor-sharp teeth into Harry's finger and he
had a hard job shaking it off - until
Wow, Harry - that must've been fifty feet ......
The air was soon thick with flying gnomes.
See, they're not too bright, said George, seizing five or six gnomes at
once. The moment they know the de-gnoming's going on they storm
up to have a look. You'd think they'd have learned by now just to stay
put.
Soon, the crowd of gnomes in the field started walking away in a
straggling line, their little shoulders hunched.
They'll be back, said Ron as they watched the gnomes disappear into
the hedge on the other side of the field. They love it here .... Dad's
too soft with them; he thinks they're funny . . . .
Just then, the front door slammed.
He's back! said George. Dad's home!
They hurried through the garden and back into the house.
Mr. Weasley was slumped in a kitchen chair with his glasses off and
his eyes closed. He was a thin man, going bald, but the little hair he
had was as red as any of his children's. He was wearing long green
robes, which were dusty and travel-worn.
What a night, he mumbled, groping for the teapot as they all sat
down around him. Nine raids. Nine! And old Mundungus Fletcher
tried to put a hex on me when I had my back turned ......
Mr. Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed.
Find anything, Dad? said Fred eagerly.
All I got were a few shrinking door keys and a biting kettle, yawned
Mr. Weasley. There was some pretty nasty stuff that wasn't my
department, though. Mortlake was taken away for questioning about
some extremely odd ferrets, but that's the Committee on Experimental
Charms, thank goodness ......
Why would anyone bother making door keys shrink? said George.
Just Muggle-baiting, sighed Mr. Weasley. Sell them a key that
keeps shrinking to nothing so they can never find it when they need it
.... Of course, it's very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle
would admit their key keeps shrinking - they'll insist they just keep
losing it. Bless them, they'll go to any lengths to ignore magic, even if
it's staring them in the face .... But the things our lot have taken to
enchanting, you wouldn't believe -
LIKE CARS, FOR INSTANCE?
Mrs. Weasley had appeared, holding a long poker like a sword. Mr.
Weasley's eyes jerked open. He stared guiltily at his wife.
C-cars, Molly, dear?
Yes, Arthur, cars, said Mrs. Weasley, her eyes flashing. Imagine a
wizard buying a rusty old car and telling his wife all he wanted to do
with it was take it apart to see how it worked, while really he was
enchanting it to make it fly.
Mr. Weasley blinked.
Well, dear, I think you'll find that he would be quite within the law to
do that, even if - er - he maybe would have done better to, um, tell his
wife the truth .... There's a loophole in the law, you'll find .... As long
as he wasn't intending to fly the car, the fact that the car could fly
wouldn't -
Arthur Weasley, you made sure there was a loophole when you
wrote that law! shouted Mrs. Weasley. Just so you could carry on
tinkering with all that Muggle rubbish in your shed! And for your
information, Harry arrived this morning in the car you weren't
intending to fly!
Harry? said Mr. Weasley blankly. Harry who?
He looked around, saw Harry, and jumped.
Good lord, is it Harry Potter? Very pleased to meet you, Ron's told us
so much about -
Your sons flew that car to Harry's house and back last night.
shouted Mrs. Weasley. What have you got to say about that, eh?
Did you really? said Mr. Weasley eagerly. Did it go all right? I - I
mean, he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs. Weasley's eyes, that -
that was very wrong, boys - very wrong indeed ......
Let's leave them to it, Ron muttered to Harry as Mrs. Weasley
swelled like a bullfrog. Come on, I'll show you my bedroom.
They slipped out of the kitchen and down a narrow passageway to an
uneven staircase, which wound its way, zigzagging up
through the house. On the third landing, a door stood ajar. Harry just
caught sight of a pair of bright brown eyes staring at him before it
closed with a snap.
Ginny, said Ron. You don't know how weird it is for her to be this
shy. She never shuts up normally -
They climbed two more flights until they reached a door with peeling
paint and a small plaque on it, saying RONALD'S ROOM.
Harry stepped in, his head almost touching the sloping ceiling, and
blinked. It was like walking into a furnace: Nearly everything in Ron's
room seemed to be a violent shade of orange: the bedspread, the
walls, even the ceiling. Then Harry realized that Ron had covered
nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper with posters of the same
seven witches and wizards, all wearing bright orange robes, carrying
broomsticks, and waving energetically.
Your Quidditch team? said Harry.
The Chudley Cannons, said Ron, pointing at the orange bedspread,
which was emblazoned with two giant black C's and a speeding
cannonball. Ninth in the league.
Ron's school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a corner, next to a
pile of comics that all seemed to feature The Adventures of Martin
Miggs, the Mad Muggle. Ron's magic wand was lying on top of a fish
tank full of frog spawn on the windowsill, next to his fat gray rat,
Scabbers, who was snoozing in a patch of sun.
Harry stepped over a pack of Self-Shuffling playing cards on the floor
and looked out of the tiny window. In the field far below he could see
a gang of gnomes sneaking one by one back through the Weasleys'
hedge. Then he turned to look at Ron, who was watching him almost
nervously, as though waiting for his opinion.
It's a bit small, said Ron quickly. Not like that room you had
with the Muggles. And I'm right underneath the ghoul in the attic;
he's always banging on the pipes and groaning ......
But Harry, grinning widely, said, This is the best house I've ever
been in.
Ron's ears went pink. .
C H4 A P T E R 
AT F L 0 V RR 11 $ H
AND BLOTTS
ife at the Burrow was as different as possible from life on Privet
Drive. The Dursleys liked everything neat and ordered; the Weasleys'
house burst with the strange and unexpected. Harry got a shock the
first time he looked in the mirror over the kitchen mantelpiece and it
shouted, Tuck your shirt in, scruffy! The ghoul in the attic howled
and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet, and
small explosions from Fred and George's bedroom were considered
perfectly normal. What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron's,
however, wasn't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul: It was the
fact that everybody there seemed to like him.
Mrs. Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and tried to force him
to eat fourth helpings at every meal. Mr. Weasley liked Harry to sit
next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with
questions about life with Muggles, asking him to explain how things
like plugs and the postal service worked.
Fascinating. he would say as Harry talked him through using a
telephone. Ingenious, really, how many ways Muggles have found of
getting along without magic.
Harry heard from Hogwarts one sunny morning about a week after he
had arrived at the Burrow. He and Ron went down to breakfast to find
Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny already sitting at the kitchen table.
The moment she saw Harry, Ginny accidentally knocked her porridge
bowl to the floor with a loud clatter. Ginny seemed very prone to
knocking things over whenever Harry entered a room. She dived under
the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with her face glowing like
the setting sun. Pretending he hadn't noticed this, Harry sat down and
took the toast Mrs. Weasley offered him.
Letters from school, said Mr. Weasley, passing Harry and Ron
identical envelopes of yellowish parchment, addressed in green ink.
Dumbledore already knows you're here, Harry - doesn't miss a trick,
that man. You two've got them, too, he added, as Fred and George
ambled in, still in their pajamas.
For a few minutes there was silence as they all read their letters.
Harry's told him to catch the Hogwarts Express as usual from King's
Cross station on September first. There was also a list of the new
books he'd need for the coming year.
SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE:
The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2
by Miranda Goshawk
Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart
Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockhart
Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart
4 ,3
Travels with Trolls by Gilderoy Lockhart
Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lockhart
Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lockhart
Year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart
Fred, who had finished his own list, peered over at Harry's.
You've been told to get all Lockhart's books, too! he said. The new
Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher must be a fan - bet it's a
witch.
At this point, Fred caught his mother's eye and quickly busied himself
with the marmalade.
That lot won't come cheap, said George, with a quick look at his
parents. Lockhart's books are really expensive ......
Well, we'll manage, said Mrs. Weasley, but she looked worried. I
expect we'll be able to pick up a lot of Ginny's things secondhand.
Oh, are you starting at Hogwarts this year? Harry asked Ginny.
She nodded, blushing to the roots of her flaming hair, and put her
elbow in the butter dish. Fortunately no one saw this except Harry,
because just then Ron's elder brother Percy walked in. He was
already dressed, his Hogwarts prefect badge pinned to his sweater
vest.
Morning, all, said Percy briskly. Lovely day.
He sat down in the only remaining chair but leapt up again almost
immediately, pulling from underneath him a moulting, gray feather
duster - at least, that was what Harry thought it was, until he saw that
it was breathing.
* 44
Errol! said Ron, taking the limp owl from Percy and extracting a
letter from under its wing. Finally - he's got Hermione's answer. I
wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you from the
Dursleys.
He carried Errol to a perch just inside the back door and tried to
stand him on it, but Errol flopped straight off again so Ron lay him on
the draining board instead, muttering, Pathetic. Then he ripped
open Hermione's letter and read it out loud:
`Dear Ron, and Harry if you're there,
 
you didn't do anything illegal to get him out, Ron, because that would
get Harry into trouble, too. I've been really worried and if Harry is all
right, will you please let me know at once, but perhaps it would be bet
ter if you used a different owl because I think another delivery might
finish your one off.
I'm very busy with schoolwork, of course'- How can she be? said Ron
in horror. We're on vacation! - 'and we're going to London next
Wednesday to buy my new books. Why don't we meet in Diago n Alley?
`Let me know what's happening as soon as you can. Love from Hermione.
Well, that fits in nicely, we can go and get all your things then, too,
said Mrs. Weasley, starting to clear the table. What're you all up to
today?
Harry, Ron, Fred, and George were planning to go up the hill to a
small paddock the Weasleys owned. It was surrounded by trees that
blocked it from view of the village below, meaning that they could
practice Quidditch there, as long as they didn't fly too high.
* 4$
They couldn't use real Quidditch balls, which would have been hard to
explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village; instead
they threw apples for one another to catch. They took turns riding
Harry's Nimbus Two Thousand, which was easily the best broom;
Ron's old Shooting Star was often outstripped by passing butterflies.
Five minutes later they were marching up the hill, broomsticks over
their shoulders. They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them, but
he had said he was busy. Harry had only seen Percy at mealtimes so
far; he stayed shut in his room the rest of the time.
Wish I knew what he was up to, said Fred, frowning. He's not
himself. His exam results came the day before you did; twelve
O.WL.s and he hardly gloated at all.
Ordinary Wizarding Levels, George explained, seeing Harry's
puzzled look. Bill got twelve, too. If we're not careful, we'll have
another Head Boy in the family. I don't think I could stand the shame.
Bill was the oldest Weasley brother. He and the next brother, Charlie,
had already left Hogwarts. Harry had never met either of them, but
knew that Charlie was in Romania studying dragons and Bill in Egypt
working for the wizard's bank, Gringotts.
Dunno how Mum and Dad are going to afford all our school stuff this
year, said George after a while. Five sets of Lockhart books! And
Ginny needs robes and a wand and everything ......
Harry said nothing. He felt a bit awkward. Stored in an underground
vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had
left him. Of course, it was only in the wizarding world that he had
money; you couldn't use Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts
in Muggle shops. He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account
to the Dursleys; he didn't think their horror of anything connected with
magic would stretch to a large pile of gold.
Mrs. Weasley woke them all early the following Wednesday. After a
quick half a dozen bacon sandwiches each, they pulled on their coats
and Mrs. Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and
peered inside.
We're running low, Arthur, she sighed. We'll have to buy some
more today... Ah well, guests first! After you, Harry dear!
And she offered him the flowerpot.
Harry stared at them all watching him.
W-what am I supposed to do? he stammered.
He's never traveled by Floo powder, said Ron suddenly. Sorry,
Harry, I forgot.
Never? said Mr. Weasley. But how did you get to Diagon Alley to
buy your school things last year?
I went on the Underground -
Really? said Mr. Weasley eagerly. Were there escapators? How
exactly -
Not now, Arthur, said Mrs. Weasley. Floo powder's a lot quicker,
dear, but goodness me, if you've never used it before -
He'll be all right, Mum, said Fred. Harry, watch us first.
He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot, stepped up
to the fire, and threw the powder into the flames.
With a roar, the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred,
who stepped right into it, shouted, Diagon Alley! and vanished.
* 41
You must speak clearly, dear, Mrs. Weasley told Harry as George
dipped his hand into the flowerpot. And be sure to get out at the right
grate ......
The right what? said Harry nervously as the fire roared and whipped
George out of sight, too.
Well, there are an awful lot of wizard fires to choose from, you know,
but as long as you've spoken clearly -
He'll be fine, Molly, don't fuss, said Mr. Weasley, helping himself to
Floo powder, too.
But, dear, if he got lost, how would we ever explain to his aunt and
uncle?
They wouldn't mind, Harry reassured her. Dudley would think it
was a brilliant joke if I got lost up a chimney, don't worry about that -
Well ... all right ... you go after Arthur, said Mrs. Weasley. Now,
when you get into the fire, say where you're going
And keep your elbows tucked in, Ron advised.
And your eyes shut, said Mrs. Weasley. The soot -
Don't fidget, said Ron. Or you might well fall out of the wrong
fireplace -
But don't panic and get out too early; wait until you see Fred and
George.
Trying hard to bear all this in mind, Harry took a pinch of Floo powder
and walked to the edge of the fire. He took a deep breath, scattered
the powder into the flames, and stepped forward; the fire felt like a
warm breeze; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot
of hot ash.
D-Dia-gon Alley, he coughed.
It felt as though he was being sucked down a giant drain. He seemed
to be spinning very fast - the roaring in his ears was deafening -he
tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him
feel sick - something hard knocked his elbow and he tucked it in
tightly, still spinning and spinning - now it felt as though cold hands
were slapping his face - squinting through his glasses he saw a blurred
stream of fireplaces and snatched glimpses of the rooms beyond - his
bacon sandwiches were churning inside him - he closed his eyes again
wishing it would stop, and then
He fell, face forward, onto cold stone and felt the bridge of his glasses
snap.
Dizzy and bruised, covered in soot, he got gingerly to his feet, holding
his broken glasses up to his eyes. He was -,cite alone, but where he
was, he had no idea. All he could tell was that he was standing in the
stone fireplace of what looked like a large, dimly lit wizard's shop - but
nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list.
A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion, a bloodstained
pack of cards, and a staring glass eye. Evil-looking masks stared down
from the walls, an assortment of human bones lay upon the counter,
and rusty, spiked instruments hung from the ceiling. Even worse, the
dark, narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window
was definitely not Diagon Alley.
The sooner he got out of here, the better. Nose still stinging where it
had hit the hearth, Harry made his way swiftly and silently toward the
door, but before he'd got halfway toward it, two people appeared on
the other side of the glass - and one of them was the
very last person Harry wanted to meet when he was lost, covered in
soot, and wearing broken glasses: Draco Malfoy.
Harry looked quickly around and spotted a large black cabinet to his
left; he shot inside it and pulled the doors closed, leaving a small crack
to peer through. Seconds later, a bell clanged, and Malfoy stepped into
the shop.
The man who followed could only be Draco's father. He had the same
pale, pointed face and identical cold, gray eyes. Mr. Malfoy crossed
the shop, looking lazily at the items on display, and rang a bell on the
counter before turning to his son and saying, Touch nothing, Draco.
Malfoy, who had reached for the glass eye, said, I thought you were
going to buy me a present.
I said I would buy you a racing broom, said his father, drumming his
fingers on the counter.
What's the good of that if I'm not on the House team? said Malfoy,
looking sulky and bad-tempered. Harry Potter got a Nimbus Two
Thousand last year. Special permission from Dumbledore so he could
play for Gryffindor. He's not even that good, it's just because he's
famous ... famous for having a stupid scar on his forehead . . . .
Malfoy bent down to examine a shelf full of skulls.
. . . everyone thinks he's so smart, wonderful Potter with his scar and
his broomstick -
You have told me this at least a dozen times already, said Mr.
Malfoy, with a quelling look at his son. And I would remind you that it
is not - prudent - to appear less than fond of Harry Potter, not when
most of our kind regard him as the hero who made the Dark Lord
disappear - ah, Mr. Borgin.
A stooping man had appeared behind the counter, smoothing his
greasy hair back from his face.
Mr. Malfoy, what a pleasure to see you again, said Mr. Borgin in a
voice as oily as his hair. Delighted - and young Master Malfoy, too -
charmed. How may I be of assistance? I must show you, just in today,
and very reasonably priced -
I'm not buying today, Mr. Borgin, but selling, said Mr. Malfoy.
Selling? The smile faded slightly from Mr. Borgin's face.
You have heard, of course, that the Ministry is conducting more
raids, said Mr. Malfoy, taking a roll of parchment from his inside
pocket and unraveling it for Mr. Borgin to read. I have a few - ah -
items at home that might embarrass me, if the Ministry were to call
......
Mr. Borgin fixed a pair of pince-nez to his nose and looked down the
list.
The Ministry wouldn't presume to trouble you, sir, surely?
Mr. Malfoy's lip curled.
I have not been visited yet. The name Malfoy still commands a
certain respect, yet the Ministry grows ever more meddlesome. There
are rumors about a new Muggle Protection Act - no doubt that flea-
bitten, Muggle-loving fool Arthur Weasley is behind it
Harry felt a hot surge of anger.
I understand, sir, of course, said Mr. Borgin. Let me see. . .
Can I have that? interrupted Draco, pointing at the withered hand on
its cushion.
Ah, the Hand of Glory! said Mr. Borgin, abandoning Mr. Malfoy's
list and scurrying over to Draco. Insert a candle and it gives light only
to the holder! Best friend of thieves and plunderers! Your son has fine
taste, sir.
I hope my son will amount to more than a thief or a plunderer,
Borgin, said Mr. Malfoy coldly, and Mr. Borgin said quickly, No
offense, sir, no offense meant -
Though if his grades don't pick up, said Mr. Malfoy, more coldly still,
that may indeed be all he is fit for -
It's not my fault, retorted Draco. The teachers all have favorites,
that Hermione Granger -
I would have thought you'd be ashamed that a girl of no wizard family
beat you in every exam, snapped Mr. Malfoy.
Ha! said Harry under his breath, pleased to see Draco looking both
abashed and angry.
It's the same all over, said Mr. Borgin, in his oily voice. Wizard
blood is counting for less everywhere -
Not with me, said Mr. Malfoy, his long nostrils flaring.
No, sir, nor with me, sir, said Mr. Borgin, with a deep bow.
In that case, perhaps we can return to my list, said Mr. Malfoy
shortly. I am in something of a hurry, Borgin, I have important
business elsewhere today -
They started to haggle. Harry watched nervously as Draco drew
nearer and nearer to his hiding place, examining the objects for sale.
Draco paused to examine a long coil of hangman's rope and to read,
smirking, the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals,
Caution: Do Not Touch. Cursed - Has Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle
Owners to Date.
* 52
Draco turned away and saw the cabinet right in front of him. He
walked forward - he stretched out his hand for the handle
Done, said Mr. Malfoy at the counter. Come, Draco -
Harry wiped his forehead on his sleeve as Draco turned away.
Good day to you, Mr. Borgin. I'll expect you at the manor tomorrow
to pick up the goods.
The moment the door had closed, Mr. Borgin dropped his oily manner.
Good day yourself, Mister Malfoy, and if the stories are true, you
haven't sold me half of what's hidden in your manor ......
Muttering darkly, Mr. Borgin disappeared into a back room. Harry
waited for a minute in case he came back, then, quietly as he could,
slipped out of the cabinet, past the glass cases, and out of the shop
door.
Clutching his broken glasses to his face, Harry stared around. He had
emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of
shops devoted to the Dark Arts. The one he'd just left, Borgin and
Burkes, looked like the largest, but opposite was a nasty window
display of shrunken heads and, two doors down, a large cage was
alive with gigantic black spiders. Two shabby-looking wizards were
watching him from the shadow of a doorway, muttering to each other.
Feeling jumpy, Harry set off, trying to hold his glasses on straight and
hoping against hope he'd be able to find a way out of here.
An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous
candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley. This didn't help, as Harry
had never heard of such a place. He supposed he hadn't spoken
clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes
back in the Weasleys' fire. Trying to stay calm, he wondered what to
do.
Not lost are you, my dear? said a voice in his ear, making him jump.
An aged witch stood in front of him, holding a tray of what looked
horribly like whole human fingernails. She leered at him, showing
mossy teeth. Harry backed away.
I'm fine, thanks, he said. I'm just -
HARRY! What d'yeh think yer doin' down there?
Harry's heart leapt. So did the witch; a load of fingernails cascaded
down over her feet and she cursed as the massive form of Hagrid, the
Hogwarts gamekeeper, came striding toward them, beetle-black eyes
flashing over his great bristling beard.
Hagrid! Harry croaked in relief. I was lost - Floo powder -
Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled him away
from the witch, knocking the tray right out of her hands. Her shrieks
followed them all the way along the twisting alleyway out into bright
sunlight. Harry saw a familiar, snow-white marble building in the
distance - Gringotts Bank. Hagrid had steered him right into Diagon
Alley.
Yer a mess! said Hagrid gruffly, brushing soot off Harry so
forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung outside
an apothecary. Skulkin' around Knockturn Alley, I dunno dodgy place,
Harry - don' want no one ter see yeh down there -
I realized that, said Harry, ducking as Hagrid made to brush him off
again. I told you, I was lost - what were you doing down there,
anyway?
* 54
I was lookin' fer a Flesh-Eatin' Slug Repellent, growled Hagrid.
They're ruinin' the school cabbages. Yer not on yer own?
I'm staying with the Weasleys but we got separated, Harry explained.
I've got to go and find them . . . .
They set off together down the street.
How come yeh never wrote back ter me? said Hagrid as Harry
jogged alongside him (he had to take three steps to every stride of
Hagrid's enormous boots). Harry explained all about Dobby and the
Dursleys.
Lousy Muggles, growled Hagrid. If I'd've known -
Harry! Harry! Over here!
Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing at the top of the
white flight of steps to Gringotts. She ran down to meet them, her
bushy brown hair flying behind her.
What happened to your glasses? Hello, Hagrid - Oh, it's wonderful to
see you two again - Are you coming into Gringotts, Harry?
As soon as I've found the Weasleys, said Harry.
Yeh won't have long ter wait, Hagrid said with a grin.
Harry and Hermione looked around: Sprinting up the crowded street
were Ron, Fred, George, Percy, and Mr. Weasley.
Harry, Mr. Weasley panted. We hoped you'd only gone one
 
frantic - she's coming now -
Where did you come out? Ron asked.
Knockturn Alley, said Hagrid grimly.
Excellent. said Fred and George together.
We've never been allowed in, said Ron enviously.
*55*
I should ruddy well think not, growled Hagrid.
Mrs. Weasley now came galloping into view, her handbag swing
ing wildly in one hand, Ginny just clinging onto the other.
Oh, Harry - oh, my dear - you could have been any
where -
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her
bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid hadn't managed to
beat away. Mr. Weasley took Harry's glasses, gave them a tap of his
wand, and returned them, good as new.
Well, gotta be off, said Hagrid, who was having his hand
wrung by Mrs. Weasley (Knockturn Alley! If you hadn't found
him, Hagrid!). See yer at Hogwarts! And he strode away, head
and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street.
Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes? Harry asked Ron and
Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps. Malfoy and his fa
ther.
Did Lucius Malfoy buy anything? said Mr. Weasley sharply
behind them.
No, he was selling ='
So he's worried, said Mr. Weasley with grim satisfaction. Oh,
I'd love to get Lucius Malfoy for something ......
You be careful, Arthur, said Mrs. Weasley sharply as they were
bowed into the bank by a goblin at the door. That family's trou
ble. Don't go biting off more than you can chew -
So you don't think I'm a match for Lucius Malfoy? said Mr.
Weasley indignantly, but he was distracted almost at once by the
sight of Hermione's parents, who were standing nervously at the
counter that ran all along the great marble hall, waiting for
Hermione to introduce them.
,5 s
But you're Muggles! said Mr. Weasley delightedly. We must have a drink!
What's that you've got there? Oh, you're changing Muggle money. Molly,
look! He pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr. Granger's hand.
Meet you back here, Ron said to Hermione as the Weasleys and Harry
were led off to their underground vaults by another Gringotts goblin.
The vaults were reached by means of small, goblin-driven carts that sped
along miniature train tracks through the bank's underground tunnels.
Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys' vault, but felt
dreadful, far worse than he had in Knockturn Alley, when it was opened.
There was a very small pile of silver Sickles inside, and just one gold Galleon.
Mrs. Weasley felt right into the corners before sweeping the whole lot into
her bag. Harry felt even worse when they reached his vault. He tried to
block the contents from view as he hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a
leather bag.
Back outside on the marble steps, they all separated. Percy muttered
vaguely about needing a new quill. Fred and George had spotted their
friend from Hogwarts, Lee Jordan. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were going to
a secondhand robe shop. Mr. Weasley was insisting on taking the Grangers
off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink.
We'll all meet at Flourish and Blotts in an hour to buy your schoolbooks,
said Mrs. Weasley, setting off with Ginny. And not one step down
Knockturn Alley! she shouted at the twins' retreating backs.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione strolled off along the winding, cobbled street.
The bag of gold, silver, and bronze jangling cheerfully
*57*
in Harry's pocket was clamoring to be spent, so he bought three
large strawberry-and-peanut-butter ice creams, which they slurped
happily as they wandered up the alley, examining the fascinating
shop windows. Ron gazed longingly at a full set of Chudley Can
non robes in the windows of Quality Quidditch Supplies until
Hermione dragged them off to buy ink and parchment next door.
In Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop, they met Fred, George,
and Lee Jordan, who were stocking up on Dr. Filibuster's Fabulous
Wet-Start, No-Heat Fireworks, and in a tiny junk shop full of bro
ken wands, lopsided brass scales, and old cloaks covered in potion
stains they found Percy, deeply immersed in a small and deeply
boring book called Prefects Who Gained Power.
`A study of Hogwarts prefects and their later careers, Ron read
aloud off the back cover. That sounds fascinating . . . .
Go away, Percy snapped.
Course, he's very ambitious, Percy, he's got it all planned
out .... He wants to be Minister of Magic. . . Ron told Harry
and Hermione in an undertone as they left Percy to it.
An hour later, they headed for Flourish and Blotts. They were by
no means the only ones making their way to the bookshop. As they
approached it, they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling out
side the doors, trying to get in. The reason for this was proclaimed
by a large banner stretched across the upper windows:
GILDEROY LOCKHART
will be signing copies of his autobiography
MAGICAL ME
today 12:30 P.m. to 4:30 P.m.
We can actually meet him! Hermione squealed. I mean, he's
written almost the whole booklist!
The crowd seemed to be made up mostly of witches around Mrs.
Weasley's age. A harrassed-looking wizard stood at the door, saying,
Calmly, please, ladies .... Don't push, there ... mind the books, now . .
. . 
 
right to the back of the shop, where Gilderoy Lockhart was signing
his books. They each grabbed a copy of The Standard Book of Spells,
Grade 2 and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys
were standing with Mr. and Mrs. Granger.
Oh, there you are, good, said Mrs. Weasley. She sounded breathless
and kept patting her hair. We'll be able to see him in a minute ......
Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view, seated at a table surrounded
by large pictures of his own face, all winking and flashing dazzlingly
white teeth at the crowd. The real Lockhart was wearing robes of
forget-me-not blue that exactly matched his eyes; his pointed wizard's
hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair.
A short, irritable-looking man was dancing around taking photographs
with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with
every blinding flash.
Out of the way, there, he snarled at Ron, moving back to get a better
shot. This is for the Daily Prophet -
Big deal, said Ron, rubbing his foot where the photographer had
stepped on it.
Gilderoy Lockhart heard him. He looked up. He saw Ron
*59*
and then he saw Harry. He stared. Then he leapt to his feet and positively
shouted, It can't be Harry Potter?
The crowd parted, whispering excitedly; Lockhart dived forward, seized
Harry's arm, and pulled him to the front. The crowd burst into applause.
Harry's face burned as Lockhart shook his hand for the photographer, who
was clicking away madly, wafting thick smoke over the Weasleys.
Nice big smile, Harry, said Lockhart, through his own gleaming teeth.
Together, you and I are worth the front page.
When he finally let go of Harry's hand, Harry could hardly feel his fingers.
He tried to sidle back over to the Weasleys, but Lockhart threw an arm
around his shoulders and clamped him tightly to his side.
Ladies and gentlemen, he said loudly, waving for quiet. What an
extraordinary moment this is! The perfect moment for me to make a little
announcement I've been sitting on for some time!
When young Harry here stepped into Flourish and Blotts today, he only
wanted to buy my autobiography -which I shall be happy to present him
now, free of charge- The crowd applauded again. He had no idea,
Lockhart continued, giving Harry a little shake that made his glasses slip to
the end of his nose, that he would shortly be getting much, much more
than my book, Magical Me. He and his schoolmates will, in fact, be getting
the real magical me. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, I have great pleasure and
pride in announcing that this September, I will be taking up the post of
Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry!
The crowd cheered and clapped and Harry found himself being
presented with the entire works of Gilderoy Lockhart. Staggering
slightly under their weight, he managed to make his way out of the
limelight to the edge of the room, where Ginny was standing next to
her new cauldron.
You have these, Harry mumbled to her, tipping the books into the
cauldron. I'll buy my own -
Bet you loved that, didn't you, Potter? said a voice Harry had no
trouble recognizing. He straightened up and found himself face-to-face
with Draco Malfoy, who was wearing his usual sneer.
Famous Harry Potter, said Malfoy. Can't even go into a bookshop
without making the front page.
Leave him alone, he didn't want all that! said Ginny. It was the first
time she had spoken in front of Harry. She was glaring at Malfoy.
Potter, you've got yourself a girlfriend! drawled Malfoy. Ginny went
scarlet as Ron and Hermione fought their way over, both clutching
stacks of Lockhart's books.
Oh, it's you, said Ron, looking at Malfoy as if he were something
unpleasant on the sole of his shoe. Bet you're surprised to see Harry
here, eh?
Not as surprised as I am to see you in a shop, Weasley, retorted
Malfoy. I suppose your parents will go hungry for a month to pay for
all those.
Ron went as red as Ginny. He dropped his books into the cauldron,
too, and started toward Malfoy, but Harry and Hermione grabbed the
back of his jacket.
Ron! said Mr. Weasley, struggling over with Fred and George.
What are you doing? It's too crowded in here, let's go outside.
Well, well, well - Arthur Weasley.
It was Mr. Malfoy. He stood with his hand on Draco's shoulder,
sneering in just the same way.
Lucius, said Mr. Weasley, nodding coldly.
Busy time at the Ministry, I hear, said Mr. Malfoy. All those raids
... I hope they're paying you overtime?
He reached into Ginny's cauldron and extracted, from amid the glossy
Lockhart books, a very old, very battered copy of A Beginner's Guide
to Transfiguration.
Obviously not, Mr. Malfoy said. Dear me, what's the use of being a
disgrace to the name of wizard if they don't even pay you well for it?
Mr. Weasley flushed darker than either Ron or Ginny.
We have a very different idea of what disgraces the name of wizard,
Malfoy, he said.
Clearly, said Mr. Malfoy, his pale eyes straying to Mr. and Mrs.
Granger, who were watching apprehensively. The company you
keep, Weasley ... and I thought your family could sink no lower ='
There was a thud of metal as Ginny's cauldron went flying; Mr.
Weasley had thrown himself at Mr. Malfoy, knocking him backward
into a bookshelf. Dozens of heavy spellbooks came thundering down
on all their heads; there was a yell of, Get him, Dad! from Fred or
George; Mrs. Weasley was shrieking, No, Arthur, no!; the crowd
stampeded backward, knocking more shelves over; Gentlemen,
please - please! cried the assistant, and then, louder than all
Break it up, there, gents, break it up -
Hagrid was wading toward them through the sea of books. In an instant he had
pulled Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy apart. Mr. Weasley had a cut lip and Mr.
Malfoy had been hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of Toadstools. He was still
holding Ginny's old Transfiguration book. He thrust it at her, his eyes
glittering with malice.
Here, girl - take your book - it's the best your father can give you - Pulling
himself out of Hagrid's grip he beckoned to Draco and swept from the shop.
Yeh should've ignored him, Arthur, said Hagrid, almost lifting Mr. Weasley
off his feet as he straightened his robes. Rotten ter the core, the whole family,
everyone knows that - no Malfoy's worth listenin' ter - bad blood, that's what it
is - come on now - let's get outta here.
The assistant looked as though he wanted to stop them leaving, but he barely
came up to Hagrid's waist and seemed to think better of it. They hurried up the
street, the Grangers shaking with fright and Mrs. Weasley beside herself with
fury.
A fine example to set for your children . . . brawling in public . . . what
Gilderoy Lockhart must've thought -
He was pleased, said Fred. Didn't you hear him as we were leaving? He was
asking that bloke from the Daily Prophet if he'd be able to work the fight into
his report - said it was all publicity -
But it was a subdued group that headed back to the fireside in the Leaky
Cauldron, where Harry, the Weasleys, and all their shopping would be
traveling back to the Burrow using Floo powder. They said good-bye to the
Grangers, who were leaving the pub for the Muggle street on the other side;
Mr. Weasley started to ask
them how bus stops worked, but stopped quickly at the look on Mrs.
Weasley's face.
Harry took off his glasses and put them safely in his pocket before
helping himself to Floo powder. It definitely wasn't his favorite way to
travel.
C H-H A P T E RR 
THE 
 
he end of the summer vacation came too quickly for Harry's liking.
He was looking forward to getting back to Hogwarts, but his month
at the Burrow had been the happiest of his life. It was difficult not to
feel jealous of Ron when he thought of the Dursleys and the sort of
welcome he could expect next time he turned up on Privet Drive.
On their last evening, Mrs. Weasley conjured up a sumptuous dinner
that included all of Harry's favorite things, ending with a
mouthwatering treacle pudding. Fred and George rounded off the
evening with a display of Filibuster fireworks; they fiIled the kitchen
with red and blue stars that bounced from ceiling to wall for at least
half an hour. Then it was time for a last mug of hot chocolate and
bed.
It took a long while to get started next morning. They were up at
dawn, but somehow they still seemed to have a great deal to do.
Mrs. Weasley dashed about in a bad mood looking for spare socks and
quills; people kept colliding on the stairs, half-dressed with bits of toast
in their hands; and Mr. Weasley nearly broke his neck, tripping over a
stray chicken as he crossed the yard carrying Ginny's trunk to the car.
Harry couldn't see how eight people, six large trunks, two owls, and a
rat were going to fit into one small Ford Anglia. He had reckoned, of
course, without the special features that Mr. Weasley had added.
Not a word to Molly, he whispered to Harry as he opened the. trunk
and showed him how it had been magically expanded so that the
luggage fitted easily.
When at last they were all in the car, Mrs. Weasley glanced into the
back seat, where Harry, Ron, Fred, George, and Percy were all sitting
comfortably side by side, and said, Muggles do know more than we
give them credit for, don't they? She and Ginny got into the front seat,
which had been stretched so that it resembled a park bench. I mean,
you'd never know it was this roomy from the outside, would you?
Mr. Weasley started up the engine and they trundled out of the yard,
Harry turning back for a last look at the house. He barely had time to
wonder when he'd see it again when they were back George had
forgotten his box of Filibuster fireworks. Five minutes after that, they
skidded to a halt in the yard so that Fred could run in for his
broomstick. They had almost reached the highway when Ginny
shrieked that she'd left her diary. By the time she had clambered back
into the car, they were running very late, and tempers were running
high.
* 66
Mr. Weasley glanced at his watch and then at his wife.
Molly, dear -
No, Arthur -
No one would see - this little button here is an Invisibility Booster I
installed - that'd get us up in the air - then we fly above the clouds.
We'd be there in ten minutes and no one would be any the wiser -
I said no, Arthur, not in broad daylight -
They reached King's Cross at a quarter to eleven. Mr. Weasley
dashed across the road to get trolleys for their trunks and they all
hurried into the station.
Harry had caught the Hogwarts Express the previous year. The tricky
part was getting onto platform nine and three-quarters, which wasn't
visible to the Muggle eye. What you had to do was walk through the
solid barrier dividing platforms nine and ten. It didn't hurt, but it had to
be done carefully so that none of the Muggles noticed you vanishing.
Percy first, said Mrs. Weasley, looking nervously at the clock
overhead, which showed they had only five minutes to disappear
casually through the barrier.
Percy strode briskly forward and vanished. Mr. Weasley went next;
Fred and George followed.
I'll take Ginny and you two come right after us, Mrs. Weasley told
Harry and Ron, grabbing Ginny's hand and setting off. In the blink of
an eye they were gone.
Let's go together, we've only got a minute, Ron said to Harry.
Harry made sure that Hedwig's cage was safely wedged on top of his
trunk and wheeled his trolley around to face the barrier. He felt
perfectly confident; this wasn't nearly as uncomfortable as using Floo
powder. Both of them bent low over the handles of their trolleys and
walked purposefully toward the barrier, gathering speed. A few feet
away from it, they broke into a run and
CRASH.
Both trolleys hit the barrier and bounced backward; Ron's trunk fell
off with a loud thump, Harry was knocked off his feet, and Hedwig's
cage bounced onto the shiny floor, and she rolled away, shrieking
indignantly; people all around them stared and a guard nearby yelled,
What in blazes d'you think you're doing?
Lost control of the trolley, Harry gasped, clutching his ribs as he
got up. Ron ran to pick up Hedwig, who was causing such a scene
that there was a lot of muttering about cruelty to animals from the
surrounding crowd.
Why can't we get through? Harry hissed to Ron.
I dunno -
Ron looked wildly around. A dozen curious people were still
watching them.
We're going to miss the train, Ron whispered. I don't understand
why the gateway's sealed itself -
Harry looked up at the giant clock with a sickening feeling in the pit
of his stomach. Ten seconds ... nine seconds ...
He wheeled his trolley forward cautiously until it was right against the
barrier and pushed with all his might. The metal remained solid.
Three seconds . . . two seconds ... one second ...
It's gone, said Ron, sounding stunned. The train's left. What if
Mum and Dad can't get back through to us? Have you got any
Muggle money?
And they marched off through the crowd of curious Muggles, out of
the station and back onto the side road where the old Ford Anglia was
parked.
Ron unlocked the cavernous trunk with a series of taps from his wand.
They heaved their luggage back in, put Hedwig on the back seat, and
got into the front.
Check that no one's watching, said Ron, starting the ignition with
another tap of his wand. Harry stuck his head out of the window:
Traffic was rumbling along the main road ahead, but their street was
empty.
Okay, he said.
Ron pressed a tiny silver button on the dashboard. The car around
them vanished - and so did they. Harry could feel the seat vibrating
beneath him, hear the engine, feel his hands on his knees and his
glasses on his nose, but for all he could see, he had become a pair of
eyeballs, floating a few feet above the ground in a dingy street full of
parked cars.
Let's go, said Ron's voice from his right.
And the ground and the dirty buildings on either side fell away,
dropping out of sight as the car rose; in seconds, the whole of London
lay, smoky and glittering, below them.
Then there was a popping noise and the car, Harry, and Ron
reappeared.
Uh-oh, said Ron, jabbing at the Invisibility Booster. It's faulty -
Both of them pummeled it. The car vanished. Then it flickered back
again.
Hold on! Ron yelled, and he slammed his foot on the acceler
* 7 0
ator; they shot straight into the low, woolly clouds and everything
turned dull and foggy.
Now what? said Harry, blinking at the solid mass of cloud pressing
in on them from all sides.
We need to see the train to know what direction to go in, said Ron.
Dip back down again - quickly -
They dropped back beneath the clouds and twisted around in their
seats, squinting at the ground.
I can see it! Harry yelled. Right ahead - there!
The Hogwarts Express was streaking along below them like a scarlet
snake.
Due north, said Ron, checking the compass on the dashboard.
Okay, we'll just have to check on it every half hour or so - hold on
And they shot up through the clouds. A minute later, they burst out
into a blaze of sunlight.
It was a different world. The wheels of the car skimmed the sea of
fluffy cloud, the sky a bright, endless blue under the blinding white sun.
All we've got to worry about now are airplanes, said Ron.
They looked at each other and started to laugh; for a long time, they
couldn't stop.
It was as though they had been plunged into a fabulous dream. This,
thought Harry, was surely the only way to travel - past swirls and
turrets of snowy cloud, in a car full of hot, bright sunlight, with a fat
pack of toffees in the glove compartment, and the prospect of seeing
Fred's and George's jealous faces when they
* 71
landed smoothly and spectacularly on the sweeping lawn in front of
Hogwarts castle.
They made regular checks on the train as they flew farther and
farther north, each dip beneath the clouds showing them a different
view. London was soon far behind them, replaced by neat green
fields that gave way in turn to wide, purplish moors, a great city alive
with cars like multicolored ants, villages with tiny toy churches.
Several uneventful hours later, however, Harry had to admit that
some of the fun was wearing off. The toffees had made them
extremely thirsty and they had nothing to drink. He and Ron had
pulled off their sweaters, but Harry's T-shirt was sticking to the back
of his seat and his glasses kept sliding down to the end of his sweaty
nose. He had stopped noticing the fantastic cloud shapes now and
was thinking longingly of the train miles below, where you could buy
ice-cold pumpkin juice from a trolley pushed by a plump witch. Why
hadn't they been able to get onto platform nine and three-quarters?
Can't be much further, can it? croaked Ron, hours later still, as the
sun started to sink into their floor of cloud, staining it a deep pink.
Ready for another check on the train?
It was still right below them, winding its way past a snowcapped
mountain. It was much darker beneath the canopy of clouds.
Ron put his foot on the accelerator and drove them upward again,
but as he did so, the engine began to whine.
Harry and Ron exchanged nervous glances.
It's probably just tired, said Ron. It's never been this far before
......
And they both pretended not to notice the whining growing
louder and louder as the sky became steadily darker. Stars were
blossoming in the blackness. Harry pulled his sweater back on, try
ing to ignore the way the windshield wipers were now waving fee
bly, as though in protest.
Not far, said Ron, more to the car than to Harry, not far
now, and he patted the dashboard nervously.
When they flew back beneath the clouds a little while later, they
had to squint through the darkness for a landmark they knew.
There! Harry shouted, making Ron and Hedwig jump.
Straight ahead!
Silhouetted on the dark horizon, high on the cliff over the lake,
stood the many turrets and towers of Hogwarts castle.
But the car had begun to shudder and was losing speed.
Come on, Ron said cajolingly, giving the steering wheel a lit
tle shake, nearly there, come on -
The engine groaned. Narrow jets of steam were issuing from un
der the hood. Harry found himself gripping the edges of his seat
very hard as they flew toward the lake.
The car gave a nasty wobble. Glancing out of his window, Harry
saw the smooth, black, glassy surface of the water, a mile below.
Ron's knuckles were white on the steering wheel. The car wobbled
again.
Come on, Ron muttered.
They were over the lake - the castle was right ahead - Ron
put his foot down.
There was a loud clunk, a splutter, and the engine died com
pletely.
Uh-oh, said Ron, into the silence.
The nose of the car dropped. They were falling, gathering speed,
heading straight for the solid castle wall.
Noooooo! Ron yelled, swinging the steering wheel around; they
missed the dark stone wall by inches as the car turned in a great arc,
soaring over the dark greenhouses, then the vegetable patch, and then
out over the black lawns, losing altitude all the time.
Ron let go of the steering wheel completely and pulled his wand out of
his back pocket
STOP! STOP! he yelled, whacking the dashboard and the
windshield, but they were still plummeting, the ground flying up toward
them
WATCH OUT FOR THAT TREE! Harry bellowed, lunging for the
steering wheel, but too late
CRUNCH.
With an earsplitting bang of metal on wood, they hit the thick tree
trunk and dropped to the ground with a heavy jolt. Steam was
billowing from under the crumpled hood; Hedwig was shrieking in
terror; a golfball-size lump was throbbing on Harry's head where he
had hit the windshield; and to his right, Ron let out a low, despairing
groan.
Are you okay? Harry said urgently.
My wand, said Ron, in a shaky voice. Look at my wand -
It had snapped, almost in two; the tip was dangling limply, held on by a
few splinters.
Harry opened his mouth to say he was sure they'd be able to mend it
up at the school, but he never even got started. At that very moment,
something hit his side of the car with the force of a
* Y4 *
charging bull, sending him lurching sideways into Ron, just as an
equally heavy blow hit the roof.
What's happen -?
Ron gasped, staring through the windshield, and Harry looked around
just in time to see a branch as thick as a python smash into it. The tree
they had hit was attacking them. Its trunk was bent almost double, and
its gnarled boughs were pummeling every inch of the car it could
reach.
Aaargh! said Ron as another twisted limb punched a large dent into
his door; the windshield was now trembling under a hail of blows from
knuckle-like twigs and a branch as thick as a battering ram was
pounding furiously on the roof, which seemed to be caving
Run for it! Ron shouted, throwing his full weight against his door, but
next second he had been knocked backward into Harry's lap by a
vicious uppercut from another branch.
We're done for! he moaned as the ceiling sagged, but suddenly the
floor of the car was vibrating - the engine had restarted.
Reverse! Harry yelled, and the car shot backward; the tree was still
trying to hit them; they could hear its roots creaking as it almost ripped
itself up, lashing out at them as they sped out of reach.
That, panted Ron, was close. Well done, car -
The car, however, had reached the end of its tether. With two sharp
clunks, the doors flew open and Harry felt his seat tip sideways: Next
thing he knew he was sprawled on the damp ground. Loud thuds told
him that the car was ejecting their luggage from the trunk; Hedwig's
cage flew through the air and burst open; she rose out of it with an
angry screech and sped off toward the castle
Y5
without a backward look. Then, dented, scratched, and steaming,
the car rumbled off into the darkness, its rear lights blazing angrily.
Come back! Ron yelled after it, brandishing his broken wand.
Dad'll kill me!
But the car disappeared from view with one last snort from its
exhaust.
Can you believe our luck? said Ron miserably, bending down to
pick up Scabbers. Of all the trees we could've hit, we had to get
one that hits back.
He glanced over his shoulder at the ancient tree, which was still
flailing its branches threateningly.
Come on, said Harry wearily, we'd better get up to the school
......
It wasn't at all the triumphant arrival they had pictured. Stiff, cold,
and bruised, they seized the ends of their trunks and began dragging
them up the grassy slope, toward the great oak front doors.
I think the feast's already started, said Ron, dropping his trunk at
the foot of the front steps and crossing quietly to look through a
brightly lit window. Hey - Harry - come and look - it's the Sorting!
Harry hurried over and, together, he and Ron peered in at the Great
Hall.
Innumerable candles were hovering in midair over four long,
crowded tables, making the golden plates and goblets sparkle.
Overhead, the bewitched ceiling, which always mirrored the sky
outside, sparkled with stars.
Through the forest of pointed black Hogwarts hats, Harry saw a long
line of scared-looking first years fiIing into the Hall. Ginny
* 76
was among them, easily visible because of her vivid Weasley ha-ir.
Meanwhile, Professor McGonagall, a bespectacled witch with her hair
in a tight bun, was placing the famous Hogwarts Sorting Hat on a
stool before the newcomers.
Every year, this aged old hat, patched, frayed, and dirty, sorted new
students into the four Hogwarts houses (Gryffindor, Hufflepuff,
Ravenclaw, and Slytherin). Harry well remembered putting it on,
exactly one year ago, and waiting, petrified, for its decision as it
muttered aloud in his ear. For a few horrible seconds he had feared
that the hat was going to put him in Slytherin, the house that had
turned out more Dark witches and wizards than any other -but he had
ended up in Gryffindor, along with Ron, Hermione, and the rest of the
Weasleys. Last term, Harry and Ron had helped Gryffindor win the
House Championship, beating Slytherin for the first time in seven
years.
A very small, mousy-haired boy had been called forward to place the
hat on his head. Harry's eyes wandered past him to where Professor
Dumbledore, the headmaster, sat watching the Sorting from the staff
table, his long silver beard and half-moon glasses shining brightly in the
candlelight. Several seats along, Harry saw Gilderoy Lockhart,
dressed in robes of aquamarine. And there at the end was Hagrid,
huge and hairy, drinking deeply from his goblet.
Hang on. . . Harry muttered to Ron. There's an empty chair at the
staff table .... Where's Snape?
Professor Severus Snape was Harry's least favorite teacher. Harry
also happened to be Snape's least favorite student. Cruel, sarcastic,
and disliked by everybody except the students from his own house
(Slytherin), Snape taught Potions.
Maybe he's ill! said Ron hopefully.
Maybe he's left, said Ha-rry, because he missed out on the Defense
Against Dark Arts job again!
Or he might have been sacked! said Ron enthusiastically. I mean,
everyone hates him -
Or maybe, said a very cold voice right behind them, he's waiting to
hear why you two didn't arrive on the school train.
Harry spun around. There, his black robes rippling in a cold breeze,
stood Severus Snape. He was a thin man with sallow skin, a hooked
nose, and greasy, shoulder-length black hair, and at this moment, he
was smiling in a way that told Harry he and Ron were in very deep
trouble.
Follow me, said Snape.
Not daring even to look at each other, Harry and Ron followed Snape
up the steps into the vast, echoing entrance hall, which was lit with
flaming torches. A delicious smell of food was wafting from the Great
Hall, but Snape led them away from the warmth and light, down a
narrow stone staircase that led into the dungeons.
In! he said, opening a door halfway down the cold passageway and
pointing.
They entered Snape's office, shivering. The shadowy walls were lined
with shelves of large glass) ars, in which floated all manner of
revolting things Harry didn't really want to know the name of at the
moment. The fireplace was dark and empty. Snape closed the door
and turned to look at them.
So, he said softly, the train isn't good enough for the famous Harry
Potter and his faithful sidekick Weasley. Wanted to arrive with a bang,
did we, boys?
No, sir, it was the barrier at King's Cross, it -
Silence! said Snape coldly. What have you done with the
car?
Ron gulped. This wasn't the first time Snape had given Harry the
impression of being able to read minds. But a moment later, he un
derstood, as Snape unrolled today's issue of the Evening Prophet.
You were seen, he hissed, showing them the headline: FLY
ING FORD ANGLIA MYSTIFIES MUGGLES. He began to read
aloud: Two Muggles in London, convinced they saw an old car
flying over the Post Office tower ... at noon in Norfolk, Mrs.
Hetty Bayliss, while hanging out her washing ... Mr. Angus Fleet,
of Peebles, reported to police ... Six or seven Muggles in all. I be
lieve your father works in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office?
he said, looking up at Ron and smiling still more nastily. Dear,
dear ... his own son. . . 
Harry felt as though he'd just been walloped in the stomach by
one of the mad tree's larger branches. If anyone found out Mr.
Weasley had bewitched the car ... he hadn't thought of that ....
I noticed, in my search of the park, that considerable damage
seems to have been done to a very valuable Whomping Willow,
Snape went on.
That tree did more damage to us than we - Ron blurted out.
Silence! snapped Snape again. Most unfortunately, you are
not in my House and the decision to expel you does not rest with
me. I shall go and fetch the people who do have that happy power.
You will wait here.
Harry and Ron stared at each other, white-faced. Harry didn't
feel hungry any more. He now felt extremely sick. He tried not to
look at a large, slimy something suspended in green liquid on a
shelf behind Snape's desk. If Snape had gone to fetch Professor
McGonagall, head of Gryffindor House, they were hardly any better
off. She might be fairer than Snape, but she was still extremely strict.
Ten minutes later, Snape returned, and sure enough it was Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him. Harry had seen Professor
McGonagall angry on several occasions, but either he had forgotten
just how thin her mouth could go, or he had never seen her this angry
before. She raised her wand the moment she entered; Harry and Ron
both flinched, but she merely pointed it at the empty fireplace, where
flames suddenly erupted.
Sit, she said, and they both backed into chairs by the fire.
Explain, she said, her glasses glinting ominously.
Ron launched into the story, starting with the barrier at the station
refusing to let them through.
-so we had no choice, Professor, we couldn't get on the train.
Why didn't you send us a letter by owl? I believe you have an owl?
Professor McGonagall said coldly to Harry.
Harry gaped at her. Now she said it, that seemed the obvious thing to
have done.
I - I didn't think -
That, said Professor McGonagall, is obvious.
There was a knock on the office door and Snape, now looking happier
than ever, opened it. There stood the headmaster, Professor
Dumbledore.
Harry's whole body went numb. Dumbledore was looking unusually
grave. He stared down his very crooked nose at them, and
*80*
Harry suddenly found himself wishing he and Ron were still being
beaten up by the Whomping Willow.
There was a long silence. Then Dumbledore said, Please explain why
you did this.
It would have been better if he had shouted. Harry hated the
disappointment in his voice. For some reason, he was unable to look
Dumbledore in the eyes, and spoke instead to his knees. He told
Dumbledore everything except that Mr. Weasley owned the
bewitched car, making it sound as though he and Ron had happened to
find a flying car parked outside the station. He knew Dumbledore
would see through this at once, but Dumbledore asked no questions
about the car. When Harry had finished, he merely continued to peer
at them through his spectacles.
We'll go and get our stuff, said Ron in a hopeless sort of voice.
What are you talking about, Weasley? barked Professor
McGonagall.
Well, you're expelling us, aren't you? said Ron.
Harry looked quickly at Dumbledore.
Not today, Mr. Weasley, said Dumbledore. But I must impress upon
both of you the seriousness of what you have done. I will be writing to
both your families tonight. I must also warn you that if you do anything
like this again, I will have no choice but to expel you.
Snape looked as though Christmas had been canceled. He cleared his
throat and said, Professor Dumbledore, these boys have flouted the
Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry, caused serious
damage to an old and valuable tree - surely acts of this nature -
* 8i
It will be for Professor McGonagall to decide on these boys'
punishments, Severus, said Dumbledore calmly. They are in her
House and are therefore her responsibility. He turned to Professor
McGonagall. I must go back to the feast, Minerva, I've got to give
out a few notices. Come, Severus, there's a delicious-looking cus
tard tart I want to sample -
Snape shot a look of pure venom at Harry and Ron as he allowed
himself to be swept out of his office, leaving them alone with Pro
fessor McGonagall, who was still eyeing them like a wrathful eagle.
You'd better get along to the hospital wing, Weasley, you're
bleeding.
Not much, said Ron, hastily wiping the cut over his eye with
his sleeve. Professor, I wanted to watch my sister being Sorted -
The Sorting Ceremony is over, said Professor McGonagall.
Your sister is also in Gryffindor.
Oh, good, said Ron.
And speaking of Gryffindor - Professor McGonagall said
sharply, but Harry cut in: Professor, when we took the car, term
hadn't started, so - so Gryffindor shouldn't really have points
taken from it - should it? he finished, watching her anxiously.
Professor McGonagall gave him a piercing look, but he was sure
she had almost smiled. Her mouth looked less thin, anyway.
I will not take any points from Gryffindor, she said, and
Harry's heart lightened considerably. But you will both get a de
tention.
It was better than Harry had expected. As for Dumbledore's
writing to the Dursleys, that was nothing. Harry knew perfectly
well they'd just be disappointed that the Whomping Willow hadn't
squashed him flat.
Professor McGonagall raised her wand again and pointed it at Snape's
desk. A large plate of sandwiches, two silver goblets, and a jug of-iced
pumpkin juice appeared with a pop.
You will eat in here and then go straight up to your dormitory, she
said. I must also return to the feast.
When the door had closed behind her, Ron let out a long, low whistle.
I thought we'd had it, he said, grabbing a sandwich.
So did I, said Harry, taking one, too.
Can you believe our luck, though? said Ron thickly through a
mouthful of chicken and ham. Fred and George must've flown that
car five or six times and no Muggle ever saw them. He swallowed
and took another huge bite. Why couldn't we get through the barrier?
Harry shrugged. We'll have to watch our step from now on, though,
he said, taking a grateful swig of pumpkin juice. Wish we could've
gone up to the feast ......
She didn't want us showing off, said Ron sagely. Doesn't want
people to think it's clever, arriving by flying car.
When they had eaten as many sandwiches as they could (the plate
kept refilling itself) they rose and left the office, treading the familiar
path to Gryffindor Tower. The castle was quiet; it seemed that the
feast was over. They walked past muttering portraits and creaking
suits of armor, and climbed narrow flights of stone stairs, until at last
they reached the passage where the secret entrance to Gryffindor
Tower was hidden, behind an oil painting of a very fat woman in a
pink silk dress.
Password? she said as they approached.
Er - said Harry.
They didn't know the new year's password, not having met a
Gryffindor prefect yet, but help came almost immediately; they heard
hurrying feet behind them and turned to see Hermione dashing toward
them.
There you are! Where have you been? The most ridiculous rumors -
someone said you'd been expelled for crashing a flying car
Well, we haven't been expelled, Harry assured her.
You're not telling me you did fly here? said Hermione, sounding
almost as severe as Professor McGonagall.
Skip the lecture, said Ron impatiently, and tell us the new
password.
It's `wattlebird,' said Hermione impatiently, but that's not the point -
Her words were cut short, however, as the portrait of the fat lady
swung open and there was a sudden storm of clapping. It looked as
though the whole of Gryffindor House was still awake, packed into
the circular common room, standing on the lopsided tables and
squashy armchairs, waiting for them to arrive. Arms reached through
the portrait hole to pull Harry and Ron inside, leaving Hermione to
scramble in after then-t.
Brilliant! yelled Lee Jordan. Inspired! What an entrance! Flying a
car right into the Whomping Willow, people'll be talking about that
one for years -
Good for you, said a fifth year Harry had never spoken to; someone
was patting him on the back as though he'd just won a marathon;
Fred and George pushed their way to the front of the crowd and said
together, Why couldn't we've come in the car, eh?
Ron was scarlet in the face, grinning embarrassedly, but Harry could
see one person who didn't look happy at all. Percy was visible over
the heads of some excited first years, and he seemed to be trying to
get near enough to start telling them off. Harry nudged Ron in the
ribs and nodded in Percy's direction. Ron got the point at once.
Got to get upstairs - bit tired, he said, and the two of them started
pushing their way toward the door on the other side of the room,
which led to a spiral staircase and the dormitories.
Night, Harry called back to Hermione, who was wearing a scowl
just like Percy's.
They managed to get to the other side of the common room, still
having their backs slapped, and gained the peace of the staircase.
They hurried up it, right to the top, and at last reached the door of
their old dormitory, which now had a sign on it saying SECOND YEARS.
They entered the familiar, circular room, with its five four-posters
hung with red velvet and its high, narrow windows. Their trunks had
been brought up for them and stood at the ends of their beds.
Ron grinned guiltily at Harry.
I know I shouldn't've enjoyed that or anything, but ='
The dormitory door flew open and in came the other second year
Gryffindor boys, Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville
Longbottom.
Unbelievable! beamed Seamus.
Cool, said Dean.
Amazing, said Neville, awestruck.
Harry couldn't help it. He grinned, too.
* 85 *
H-H A P T E RR 
GILDEROY LOCKHART
he next day, however, Harry barely grinned once. Things started to go
downhill from breakfast in the Great Hall. The four long house tables
were laden with tureens of porridge, plates of kippers, mountains of
toast, and dishes of eggs and bacon, beneath the enchanted ceiling
(today, a dull, cloudy gray). Harry and Ron sat down at the Gryffindor
table next to Hermione, who had her copy of Voyages with Vampires
propped open against a milk jug. There was a slight stiffness in the
way she said Morning, which told Harry that she was still
disapproving of the way they had arrived. Neville Longbottom, on the
other hand, greeted them cheerfully. Neville was a round-faced and
accident-prone boy with the worst memory of anyone Harry had ever
met.
Mail's due any minute - I think Gran's sending a few things I forgot.
Harry had only just started his porridge when, sure enough, there was
a rushing sound overhead and a hundred or so owls
streamed in, circling the hall and dropping letters and packages into the
chattering crowd. A big, lumpy package bounced off Neville's head
and, a second later, something large and gray fell into Hermione's jug,
spraying them all with milk and feathers.
Enrol! said Ron, pulling the bedraggled owl out by the feet. Errol
slumped, unconscious, onto the table, his legs in the air and a damp red
envelope in his beak.
Oh, no - Ron gasped.
It's all right, he's still alive, said Hermione, prodding Errol gently with
the tip of her finger.
It's not that - it's that.
Ron was pointing at the red envelope. It looked quite ordinary to
Harry, but Ron and Neville were both looking at it as though they
expected it to explode.
What's the matter? said Harry.
She's - she's sent me a Howler, said Ron faintly.
You'd better open it, Ron, said Neville in a timid whisper. It'll be
worse if you don't My gran sent me one once, and I ignored it and -
he gulped - it was horrible.
Harry looked from their petrified faces to the red envelope.
What's a Howler? he said.
But Ron's whole attention was fixed on the letter, which had begun to
smoke at the corners.
Open it, Neville urged. It'll all be over in a few minutes -
Ron stretched out a shaking hand, eased the envelope from Errol's
beak, and slit it open. Neville stuffed his fingers in his ears. A split
second later, Harry knew why. He thought for a moment it had
exploded; a roar of sound fiIled the huge hall, shaking dust from the
ceiling.
8 _
STEALING THE
PRISED IF THEY'D EXPELLED YOU, YOU WAIT TILL I GET
HOLD OF YOU, I DON'T SUPPOSE YOU STOPPED TO
THINK WHAT YOUR FATHERAND I WENT THROUGH WHEN
WE SAW IT WAS GONE -
Mrs. Weasleys yells, a hundred times louder than usual, made the
plates and spoons rattle on the table, and echoed deafeningly off the
stone walls. People throughout the hall were swiveling around to see
who had received the Howler, and Ron sank so low in his chair that
only his crimson forehead could be seen.
- LETTER FROM DUMBLEDORE LAST NIGHT, I THOUGHT
YOUR FATHER WOULD DIE OF SHAME, WE DIDN'T BRING
YOU UP TO BEHAVE LIKE THIS, YOU AND HARRY COULD
BOTH HAVE DIED -
Harry had been wondering when his name was going to crop up. He
tried very hard to look as though he couldn't hear the voice that was
making his eardrums throb.
-ABSOLUTELYDISGUSTED - YOUR FATHER'S FACING AN
INQUIRY AT WORK, IT'S ENTIRELY YOUR FAULT AND IF
YOU PUT ANOTHER TOE OUT OF LINE WE'LL BRING YOU
STRAIGHT BACK HOME.
A ringing silence fell. The red envelope, which had dropped from Ron's
hand, burst into flames and curled into ashes. Harry and Ron sat
stunned, as though a tidal wave had just passed over them. A few
people laughed and, gradually, a babble of talk broke out again.
Hermione closed Voyages with Vampires and looked down at the top
of Ron's head.
* 88
Well, I don't know what you expected, Ron, but you -
Don't tell me I deserved it, snapped Ron.
Harry pushed his porridge away. His insides were burning with guilt.
Mr. Weasley was facing an inquiry at work. After all Mr. and Mrs.
Weasley had done for him over the summer ...
But he had no time to dwell on this; Professor McGonagall was
moving along the Gryffindor table, handing out course schedules.
Harry took his and saw that they had double Herbology with the
Hufepuffs first.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together, crossed the
vegetable patch, and made for the greenhouses, where the magical
plants were kept. At least the Howler had done one good thing:
Hermione seemed to think they had now been punished enough and
was being perfectly friendly again.
As they neared the greenhouses they saw the rest of the class
standing outside, waiting for Professor Sprout. Harry, Ron, and
Hermione had only just joined them when she came striding into view
across the lawn, accompanied by Gilderoy Lockhart. Professor
Sprout's arms were full of bandages, and with another twinge of guilt,
Harry spotted the Whomping Willow in the distance, several of its
branches now in slings.
Professor Sprout was a squat little witch who wore a patched hat over
her flyaway hair; there was usually a large amount of earth on her
clothes and her fingernails would have made Aunt Petunia faint.
Gilderoy Lockhart, however, was immaculate in sweeping robes of
turquoise, his golden hair shining under a perfectly positioned turquoise
hat with gold trimming.
Oh, hello there! he called, beaming around at the assembled
students. Just been showing Professor Sprout the right way to doctor
a Whomping Willow! But I don't want you running away with the idea
that I'm better at Herbology than she is! I just happen to have met
several of these exotic plants on my travels . . .
Greenhouse three today, chaps! said Professor Sprout, who was
looking distinctly disgruntled, not at all her usual cheerful self.
There was a murmur of interest. They had only ever worked in
greenhouse one before - greenhouse three housed far more interesting
and dangerous plants. Professor Sprout took a large key from her belt
and unlocked the door. Harry caught a whiff of damp earth and
fertilizer mingling with the heavy perfume of some giant, umbrella-
sized flowers dangling from the ceiling. He was about to follow Ron
and Hermione inside when Lockhart's hand shot out.
Harry! I've been wanting a word - you don't mind if he's a couple of
minutes late, do you, Professor Sprout?
Judging by Professor Sprout's scowl, she did mind, but Lockhart said,
That's the ticket, and closed the greenhouse door in her face.
Harry, said Lockhart, his large white teeth gleaming in the sunlight
as he shook his head. Harry, Harry, Harry.
Completely nonplussed, Harry said nothing.
When I heard -well, of course, it was all my fault. Could have kicked
myself.
Harry had no idea what he was talking about. He was about to say so
when Lockhart went on, Don't know when I've been more shocked.
Flying a car to Hogwarts! Well, of course, I knew at once why you'd
done it. Stood out a mile. Harry, Harry, Harry.
It was remarkable how he could show every one of those brilliant
teeth even when he wasn't talking.
Gave you a taste for publicity, didn't I? said Lockhart. Gave
you the bug. You got onto the front page of the paper with me and
you couldn't wait to do it again.
Oh, no, Professor, see -
Harry, Harry, Harry, said Lockhart, reaching out and grasping
his shoulder. I understand. Natural to want a bit more once you've
had that first taste - and I blame myself for giving you that, be
cause it was bound to go to your head - but see here, young man,
you can't start flying cars to try and get yourself noticed. Just calm
down, all right? Plenty of time for all that when you're older. Yes,
yes, I know what you're thinking! 'It's all right for him, he's an in
ternationally famous wizard already!' But when I was twelve, I was
just as much of a nobody as you are now. In fact, Id say I was even
more of a nobody! I mean, a few people have heard of you, haven't
they? All that business with He- o-Must-Not-Be-Named! He
glanced at the lightning scar on Harry's forehead. I know, I
know - it's not quite as good as winning Witch Weekly's Most
Charming-Smile Award five times in a row, as I have - but it's a
start, Harry, it's a start.
He gave Harry a hearty wink and strode off. Harry stood
stunned for a few seconds, then, remembering he was supposed to
be in the greenhouse, he opened the door and slid inside.
Professor Sprout was standing behind a trestle bench in the cen
ter of the greenhouse. About twenty pairs of different-colored ear
muffs were lying on the bench. When Harry had taken his place
between Ron and Hermione, she said, We'll be repotting Man
drakes today. Now, who can tell me the properties of the Man
drake?
To nobody's surprise, Hermione's hand was first into the air.
s1
Mandrake, or Mandragora, is a powerful restorative, said Hermione,
sounding as usual as though she had swallowed the textbook. It is
used to return people who have been transfigured or cursed to their
original state.
Excellent. Ten points to Gryffindor, said Professor Sprout. The
Mandrake forms an essential part of most antidotes. It is also,
however, dangerous. Who can tell me why?
Hermione's hand narrowly missed Harry's glasses as it shot up again.
The cry of the Mandrake is fatal to anyone who hears it, she said
promptly.
Precisely. Take another ten points, said Professor Sprout. Now, the
Mandrakes we have here are still very young.
She pointed to a row of deep trays as she spoke, and everyone
shuffled forward for a better look. A hundred or so tufty little plants,
purplish green in color, were growing there in rows. They looked quite
unremarkable to Harry, who didn't have the slightest idea what
Hermione meant by the cry of the Mandrake.
Everyone take a pair of earmuffs, said Professor Sprout.
There was a scramble as everyone tried to seize a pair that wasn't
pink and fluffy.
When I tell you to put them on, make sure your ears are completely
covered, said Professor Sprout. When it is safe to remove them, I
will give you the thumbs-up. Right - earmuffs on.
Harry snapped the earmuffs over his ears. They shut out sound
completely. Professor Sprout put the pink, fluffy pair over her own
ears, rolled up the sleeves of her robes, grasped one of the tufty plants
firmly, and pulled hard.
*92*
Harry let out a gasp of surprise that no one could hear.
Instead of roots, a small, muddy, and extremely ugly baby popped out
of the earth. The leaves were growing right out of his head. He had
pale green, mottled skin, and was clearly bawling at the top of his
lungs.
Professor Sprout took a large plant pot from under the table and
plunged the Mandrake into it, burying him in dark, damp compost until
only the tufted leaves were visible. Professor Sprout dusted off her
hands, gave them all the thumbs-up, and removed her own earmuffs.
As our Mandrakes are only seedlings, their cries won't kill yet, she
said calmly as though she'd just done nothing more exciting than water
a begonia. However, they will knock you out for several hours, and as
I'm sure none of you want to miss your first day back, make sure your
earmuffs are securely in place while you work. I will attract your
attention when it is time to pack up.
Four to a tray - there is a large supply of pots here - compost in the
sacks over there - and be careful of the Venemous Tentacula, it's
teething.
She gave a sharp slap to a spiky, dark red plant as she spoke, making
it draw in the long feelers that had been inching sneakily over her
shoulder.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were joined at their tray by a curly-haired
Hufflepuff boy Harry knew by sight but had never spoken to.
Justin Finch-Fletchley, he said brightly, shaking Harry by the hand.
Know who you are, of course, the famous Harry Potter... And you're
Hermione Granger - always top in everything
* 9%
(Hermione beamed as she had her hand shaken too) - and Ron
Weasley. Wasn't that your flying car?
Ron didn't smile. The Howler was obviously still on his mind.
That Lockhart's something, isn't he? said Justin happily as they
began fiIling their plant pots with dragon dung compost. Awfully
brave chap. Have you read his books? Id have died of fear if Id been
cornered in a telephone booth by a werewolf, but he stayed cool and -
zap - just fantastic.
My name was down for Eton, you know. I can't tell you how glad I
am I came here instead. Of course, Mother was slightly disappointed,
but since I made her read Lockhart's books I think she's begun to see
how useful it'll be to have a fully trained wizard in the family . . . .
After that they didn't have much chance to talk. Their earmuffs were
back on and they needed to concentrate on the Mandrakes. Professor
Sprout had made it look extremely easy, but it wasn't. The Mandrakes
didn't like coming out of the earth, but didn't seem to want to go back
into it either. They squirmed, kicked, flailed their sharp little fists, and
gnashed their teeth; Harry spent ten whole minutes trying to squash a
particularly fat one into a pot.
By the end of the class, Harry, like everyone else, was sweaty,
aching, and covered in earth. Everyone traipsed back to the castle for
a quick wash and then the Gryffindors hurried off to Transfiguration.
Professor McGonagall's classes were always hard work, but today
was especially difficult. Everything Harry had learned last year
seemed to have leaked out of his head during the summer. He was
supposed to be turning a beetle into a button, but all he managed
* 94
to do was give his beetle a lot of exercise as it scuttled over the
desktop avoiding his wand.
Ron was having far worse problems. He had patched up his wand
with some borrowed Spellotape, but it seemed to be damaged beyond
repair. It kept crackling and sparking at odd moments, and every time
Ron tried to transfigure his beetle it engulfed him in thick gray smoke
that smelled of rotten eggs. Unable to see what he was doing, Ron
accidentally squashed his beetle with his elbow and had to ask for a
new one. Professor McGonagall wasn't pleased.
Harry was relieved to hear the lunch bell. His brain felt like a wrung
sponge. Everyone fiIed out of the classroom except him and Ron, who
was whacking his wand furiously on the desk.
Stupid - useless - thing -
Write home for another one, Harry suggested as the wand let off a
volley of bangs like a firecracker.
Oh, yeah, and get another Howler back, said Ron, stuffing the now
hissing wand into his bag. `It's your own fault your wand got snapped -
They went down to lunch, where Ron's mood was not improved by
Hermione's showing them the handful of perfect coat buttons she had
produced in Transfiguration.
What've we got this afternoon? said Harry, hastily changing the
subject.
Defense Against the Dark Arts, said Hermione at once.
Why, demanded Ron, seizing her schedule, have you outlined all
Lockhart's lessons in little hearts?
Hermione snatched the schedule back, blushing furiously.
* 95 *
They finished lunch and went outside into the overcast courtyard.
Hermione sat down on a stone step and buried her nose in Voyages
with Vampires again. Harry and Ron stood talking about Quidditch for
several minutes before Harry became aware that he was being closely
watched. Looking up, he saw the very small, mousy-haired boy he'd
seen trying on the Sorting Hat last night staring at Harry as though
transfixed. He was clutching what looked like an ordinary Muggle
camera, and the moment Harry looked at him, he went bright red.
All right, Harry? I'm -I'm Colin Creevey, he said breathlessly, taking
a tentative step forward. I'm in Gryffindor, too. D'you think - would it
be all right if - can I have a picture? he said, raising the camera
hopefully.
A picture? Harry repeated blankly.
So I can prove I've met you, said Colin Creevey eagerly, edging
further forward. I know all about you. Everyone's told me. About
how you survived when You-Know-Who tried to kill you and how he
disappeared and everything and how you've still got a lightning scar on
your forehead (his eyes raked Harry's hairline) and a boy in my
dormitory said if I develop the film in the right potion, the pictures'll
move. Colin drew a great shuddering breath of excitement and said,
It's amazing here, isn't it? I never knew all the odd stuff I could do
was magic till I got the letter from Hogwarts. My dad's a milkman, he
couldn't believe it either. So I'm taking loads of pictures to send home
to him. And it'd be really good if I had one of you - he looked
imploringly at Harry - maybe your friend could take it and I could
stand next to you? And then, could you sign it?
Signed photos? You're giving out signed photos, Potter?
Loud and scathing, Draco Malfoy's voice echoed around the
courtyard. He had stopped right behind Colin, flanked, as he always
was at Hogwarts, by his large and thuggish cronies, Crabbe and
Goyle.
Everyone line up! Malfoy roared to the crowd. Harry Potter's
giving out signed photos!
No, I'm not, said Harry angrily, his fists clenching. Shut up,
Malfoy.
You're just jealous, piped up Colin, whose entire body was about
as thick as Crabbe's neck.
`jealous?said Malfoy, who didn't need to shout anymore: half the
courtyard was listening in. Of what? I don't want a foul scar right
across my head, thanks. I don't think getting your head cut open
makes you that special, myself.
Crabbe and Goyle were sniggering stupidly.
Eat slugs, Malfoy, said Ron angrily. Crabbe stopped laughing and
started rubbing his knuckles in a menacing way.
Be careful, Weasley, sneered Malfoy. You don't want to start any
trouble or your Mommy'll have to come and take you away from
school. He put on a shrill, piercing voice. Ifyou put another toe
out of line' - 
A knot of Slytherin fifth-years nearby laughed loudly at this.
Weasley would like a signed photo, Potter, smirked Malfoy. It'd
be worth more than his family's whole house -
Ron whipped out his Spellotaped wand, but Hermione shut Voyages
with Vampires with a snap and whispered, Look out!
What's all this, what's all this? Gilderoy Lockhart was striding
* 97
toward them, his turquoise robes swirling behind him. Who's giv
ing out signed photos?
Harry started to speak but he was cut short as Lockhart flung an
arm around his shoulders and thundered jovially, Shouldn't have
asked! We meet again, Harry!
Pinned to Lockhart's side and burning with humiliation, Harry
saw Malfoy slide smirking back into the crowd.
Come on then, Mr. Creevey, said Lockhart, beaming at Colin.
A double portrait, can't do better than that, and we'll both sign it
for you.
Colin fumbled for his camera and took the picture as the bell
rang behind them, signaling the start of afternoon classes.
Off you go, move along there, Lockhart called to the crowd,
and he set off back to the castle with Harry, who was wishing he
knew a good Vanishing Spell, still clasped to his side.
A word to the wise, Harry, said Lockhart paternally as they
entered the building through a side door. I covered up for you
back there with young Creevey - if he was photographing me,
too, your schoolmates won't think you're setting yourself up so
much . . . .
Deaf to Harry's stammers, Lockhart swept him down a corridor
lined with staring students and up a staircase.
Let me just say that handing out signed pictures at this stage of
your career isn't sensible - looks a tad bigheaded, Harry, to be
frank. There may well come a time when, like me, you'll need to
keep a stack handy wherever you go, but - he gave a little chor
tle - I don't think you're quite there yet.
They had reached Lockhart's classroom and he let Harry go at
last. Harry yanked his robes straight and headed for a seat at the very
back of the class, where he busied himself with piling all seven of
Lockhart's books in front of him, so that he could avoid looking at the
real thing.
The rest of the class came clattering in, and Ron and Hermione sat
down on either side of Harry.
You could've fried an egg on your face said Ron. You'd better hope
Creevey doesn't meet Ginny, or they'll be starting a Harry Potter fan
club.
Shut up, snapped Harry. The last thing he needed was for Lockhart
to hear the phrase Harry Potter fan club.
When the whole class was seated, Lockhart cleared his throat loudly
and silence fell. He reached forward, picked up Neville Longbottom's
copy of Travels with Trolls, and held it up to show his own, winking
portrait on the front.
Me, he said, pointing at it and winking as well. Gilderoy Lockhart,
Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force
Defense League, and five-time winner of Witch Weekly's Most-
Charming-Smile Award - but I don't talk about that. I didn't get rid of
the Bandon Banshee by smiling at her!
He waited for them to laugh; a few people smiled weakly.
I see you've all bought a complete set of my books -well done. I
thought we'd start today with a little quiz. Nothing to worry about
just to check how well you've read them, how much you've taken in -
When he had handed out the test papers he returned to the front of
the class and said, You have thirty minutes - start - now!
Harry looked down at his paper and read:
1
2
3
achievement to date?
On and on it went, over three sides of paper, right down to:
54
ideal gift be?
Half an hour later, Lockhart collected the papers and rifled through
them in front of the class.
Tut, tut - hardly any of you remembered that my favorite color is
lilac. I say so in Year with the Yeti. And a few of you need to read
Wanderings with Werewolves more carefully - I clearly state in chapter
twelve that my ideal birthday gift would be harmony between all
magic and non-magic peoples - though I wouldn't say no to a large
bottle of Ogdeds Old Firewhisky!
He gave them another roguish wink. Ron was now staring at
Lockhart with an expression of disbelief on his face; Seamus
Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who were sitting in front, were shaking
with silent laughter. Hermione, on the other hand, was listening to
Lockhart with rapt attention and gave a start when he mentioned her
name.
. . . but Miss Hermione Granger knew my secret ambition is to rid the
world of evil and market my own range of hair-care potions - good
girl! In fact - he flipped her paper over - full marks! Where is Miss
Hermione Granger?
*100*
Hermione raised a trembling hand.
Excellent! beamed Lockhart. Quite excellent! Take ten points for
Gryffindor! And so - to business -
He bent down behind his desk and lifted a large, covered cage onto it.
Now - be warned! It is my job to arm you against the foulest
creatures known to wizardkind! You may find yourselves facing your
worst fears in this room. Know only that no harm can befall you whilst
I am here. All I ask is that you remain calm.
In spite of himself, Harry leaned around his pile of books for a better
look at the cage. Lockhart placed a hand on the cover. Dean and
Seamus had stopped laughing now. Neville was cowering in his front
row seat.
I must ask you not to scream, said Lockhart in a low voice. It might
provoke them.
As the whole class held its breath, Lockhart whipped off the cover.
Yes, he said dramatically. Freshly caught Cornish pixies. 
Seamus Finnigan couldn't control himself. He let out a snort of
laughter that even Lockhart couldn't mistake for a scream of terror.
Yes? He smiled at Seamus.
Well, they're not - they're not very - dangerous, are they? Seamus
choked.
Don't be so sure! said Lockhart, waggling a finger annoyingly at
Seamus. Devilish tricky little blighters they can be!
The pixies were electric blue and about eight inches high, with pointed
faces and voices so shrill it was like listening to a lot of budgies
arguing. The moment the cover had been removed, they
*101*
had started jabbering and rocketing around, rattling the bars and
making bizarre faces at the people nearest them.
Right, then, Lockhart said loudly. Let's see what you make of
them! And he opened the cage.
It was pandemonium. The pixies shot in every direction like rockets.
Two of them seized Neville by the ears and lifted him into the air.
Several shot straight through the window, showering the back row
with broken glass. The rest proceeded to wreck the classroom more
effectively than a rampaging rhino. They grabbed ink bottles and
sprayed the class with them, shredded books and papers, tore pictures
from the walls, up-ended the waste basket, grabbed bags and books
and threw them out of the smashed window; within minutes, half the
class was sheltering under desks and Neville was swinging from the
iron chandelier in the ceiling.
Come on now - round them up, round them up, they're only pixies,
Lockhart shouted.
He rolled up his sleeves, brandished his wand, and bellowed,
Peskipiksi Pesternomi!
It had absolutely no effect; one of the pixies seized his wand and
threw it out of the window, too. Lockhart gulped and dived under his
own desk, narrowly avoiding being squashed by Neville, who fell a
second later as the chandelier gave way.
The bell rang and there was a mad rush toward the exit. In the relative
calm that followed, Lockhart straightened up, caught sight of Harry,
Ron, and Hermione, who were almost at the door, and said, Well, I'll
ask you three to just nip the rest of them back into their cage. He
swept past them and shut the door quickly behind him.
*102*
Can you believe him? roared Ron as one of the remaining pixies bit
him painfully on the ear.
He just wants to give us some hands-on experience, said Hermione,
immobilizing two pixies at once with a clever Freezing Charm and
stuffing them back into their cage.
Hands on? said Harry, who was trying to grab a pixie dancing out of
reach with its tongue out. Hermione, he didn't have a clue what he
was doing -
Rubbish, said Hermione. You've read his books - look at all those
amazing things he's done -
He says he's done, Ron muttered.
arry spent a lot of time over the next few days dodging out of sight
whenever he saw Gilderoy Lockhart coming down a corridor. Harder
to avoid was Colin Creevey, who seemed to have memorized Harry's
schedule. Nothing seemed to give Colin a bigger thrill than to say, All
right, Harry? six or seven times a day and hear, Hello, Colin, back,
however exasperated Harry sounded when he said it.
Hedwig was still angry with Harry about the disasterous car journey
and Ron's wand was still malfunctioning, surpassing itself on Friday
morning by shooting out of Ron's hand in Charms and hitting tiny old
Professor Flitwick squarely between the eyes, creating a large,
throbbing green boil where it had struck. So with one thing and
another, Harry was quite glad to reach the weekend. He, Ron, and
Hermione were planning to visit Hagrid on Saturday morning. Harry,
however, was shaken awake several hours earlier
*104*
than he would have liked by Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor
Quidditch team.
Whassamatter? said Harry groggily.
Quidditch practice! said Wood. Come on!
Harry squinted at the window. There was a thin mist hanging across
the pink-and-gold sky. Now that he was awake, he couldn't
understand how he could have slept through the racket the birds were
making.
Oliver, Harry croaked. It's the crack of dawn.
Exactly, said Wood. He was a tall and burly sixth year and, at the
moment, his eyes were gleaming with a crazed enthusiasm. It's part
of our new training program. Come on, grab your broom, and let's go,
said Wood heartily. None of the other teams have started training yet;
we're going to be first off the mark this year -
Yawning and shivering slightly, Harry climbed out of bed and tried to
find his Quidditch robes.
Good man, said Wood. Meet you on the field in fifteen minutes.
When he'd found his scarlet team robes and pulled on his cloak for
warmth, Harry scribbled a note to Ron explaining where he'd gone and
went down the spiral staircase to the common room, his Nimbus Two
Thousand on his shoulder. He had just reached the portrait hole when
there was a clatter behind him and Colin Creevey came dashing down
the spiral staircase, his camera swinging madly around his neck and
something clutched in his hand.
I heard someone saying your name on the stairs, Harry! Look what
I've got here! I've had it developed, I wanted to show you -
*105*
Harry looked bemusedly at the photograph Colin was brandishing
under his nose.
A moving, black-and-white Lockhart was tugging hard on an arm
Harry recognized as his own. He was pleased to see that his
photographic self was putting up a good fight and refusing to be
dragged into view. As Harry watched, Lockhart gave up and
slumped, panting, against the white edge of the picture.
Will you sign it? said Colin eagerly.
No, said Harry flatly, glancing around to check that the room was
really deserted. Sorry, Colin, I'm in a hurry - Quidditch practice -
He climbed through the portrait hole.
Oh, wow! Wait for me! I've never watched a Quidditch game
before!
Colin scrambled through the hole after him.
It'll be really boring, Harry said quickly, but Colin ignored him, his
face shining with excitement.
You were the youngest House player in a hundred years, weren't
you, Harry? Weren't you? said Colin, trotting alongside him. You
must be brilliant. I've never flown. Is it easy? Is that your own
broom? Is that the best one there is?
Harry didn't know how to get rid of him. It was like having an
extremely talkative shadow.
I don't really understand Quidditch, said Colin breathlessly. Is it
true there are four balls? And two of them fly around trying to knock
people off their brooms?
Yes, said Harry heavily, resigned to explaining the complicated
rules of Quidditch. They're called Bludgers. There are two Beaters
), *106*
on each team who carry clubs to beat the Bludgers away from their
side. Fred and George Weasley are the Gryffindor Beaters.
And what are the other balls for? Colin asked, tripping down a
couple of steps because he was gazing open-mouthed at Harry.
Well, the Quafe - that's the biggish red one - is the one that scores
goals. Three Chasers on each team throw the Quaffle to each other
and try and get it through the goal posts at the end of the pitch -
they're three long poles with hoops on the end.
And the fourth ball -
- is the Golden Snitch, said Harry, and it's very small, very fast, and
difficult to catch. But that's what the Seeker's got to do, because a
game of Quidditch doesn't end until the Snitch has been caught. And
whichever team's Seeker gets the Snitch earns his team an extra
hundred and fifty points.
And you're the Gryffindor Seeker, aren't you? said Colin in awe.
Yes, said Harry as they left the castle and started across the dew-
drenched grass. And there's the Keeper, too. He guards the goal
posts. That's it, really.
But Colin didn't stop questioning Harry all the way down the sloping
lawns to the Quidditch field, and Harry only shook him off when he
reached the changing rooms; Colin called after him in a piping voice,
I'll go and get a good seat, Harry! and hurried off to the stands.
The rest of the Gryffindor team were already in the changing room.
Wood was the only person who looked truly awake. Fred and George
Weasley were sitting, puffy-eyed and touslehaired, next to fourth year
Alicia Spinnet, who seemed to be nodding off against the wall behind
her. Her fellow Chasers, Katie
*107*
Bell and Angelina Johnson, were yawning side by side opposite
them.
There you are, Harry, what kept you? said Wood briskly. Now, I
wanted a quick talk with you all before we actually get onto the field,
because I spent the summer devising a whole new training program,
which I really think will make all the difference ....
Wood was holding up a large diagram of a Quidditch field, on which
were drawn many lines, arrows, and crosses in differentcolored inks.
He took out his wand, tapped the board, and the arrows began to
wiggle over the diagram like caterpillars. As Wood launched into a
speech about his new tactics, Fred Weasley's head drooped right
onto Alicia Spinnet's shoulder and he began to snore.
The first board took nearly twenty minutes to explain, but there was
another board under that, and a third under that one. Harry sank into
a stupor as Wood droned on and on.
So, said Wood, at long last, jerking Harry from a wistful fantasy
about what he could be eating for breakfast at this very moment up
at the castle. Is that clear? Any questions?
I've got a question, Oliver, said George, who had woken with a
start. Why couldn't you have told us all this yesterday when we
were awake?
Wood wasn't pleased.
Now, listen here, you lot, he said, glowering at them all. We
should have won the Quidditch cup last year. We're easily the best
team. But unfortunately -owing to circumstances beyond our control -
*108*
Harry shifted guiltily in his seat. He had been unconscious in the
hospital wing for the final match of the previous year, meaning that
Gryffindor had been a player short and had suffered their worst
defeat in three hundred years.
Wood took a moment to regain control of himself. Their last defeat
was clearly still torturing him.
So this year, we train harder than ever before .... Okay, let's go and
put our new theories into practice! Wood shouted, seizing his
broomstick and leading the way out of the locker rooms. Stifflegged
and still yawning, his team followed.
They had been in the locker room so long that the sun was up
completely now, although remnants of mist hung over the grass in the
stadium. As Harry walked onto the field, he saw Ron and Hermione
sitting in the stands.
Aren't you finished yet? called Ron incredulously.
Haven't even started, said Harry, looking jealously at the toast and
marmalade Ron and Hermione had brought out of the Great Hall.
Wood's been teaching us new moves.
He mounted his broomstick and kicked at the ground, soaring up into
the air. The cool morning air whipped his face, waking him far more
effectively than Wood's long talk. It felt wonderful to be back on the
Quidditch field. He soared right around the stadium at full speed,
racing Fred and George.
What's that funny clicking noise? called Fred as they hurtled around
the corner.
Harry looked into the stands. Colin was sitting in one of the highest
seats, his camera raised, taking picture after picture, the sound
strangely magnified in the deserted stadium.
*io9*
Look this way, Harry! This way! he cried shrilly.
Who's that? said Fred.
No idea, Harry lied, putting on a spurt of speed that took him as far
away as possible from Colin.
What's going on? said Wood, frowning, as he skimmed through the
air toward them. Why's that first year taking pictures? I don't like it.
He could be a Slytherin spy, trying to find out about our new training
program.
He's in Gryffindor, said Harry quickly.
And the Slytherins don't need a spy, Oliver, said George.
What makes you say that? said Wood testily.
Because they're here in person, said George, pointing.
Several people in green robes were walking onto the field, broomsticks
in their hands.
I don't believe it! Wood hissed in outrage. I booked the field for
today! We'll see about this!
Wood shot toward the ground, landing rather harder than he meant to
in his anger, staggering slightly as he dismounted. Harry, Fred, and
George followed.
Flint! Wood bellowed at the Slytherin Captain. This is our practice
time! We got up specially! You can clear off now!
Marcus Flint was even larger than Wood. He had a look of trollish
cunning on his face as he replied, Plenty of room for all of us, Wood.
Angelina, Alicia, and Katie had come over, too. There were no girls
on the Slytherin team, who stood shoulder to shoulder, facing the
Gryffindors, leering to a man.
But I booked the field! said Wood, positively spitting with rage. I
booked it!
*110*
Ah, said Flint. But I've got a specially signed note here from
Professor Snape. `I, Professor S. Snape, give the Slytherin team
permission to practice today on the Quidditch field owing to the need to
train their new Seeker.'
You've got a new Seeker? said Wood, distracted. Where?
And from behind the six large figures before them came a seventh,
smaller boy, smirking all over his pale, pointed face. It was Draco
Malfoy.
Aren't you Lucius Malfoy's son? said Fred, looking at Malfoy with
dislike.
Funny you should mention Draco's father, said Flint as the whole
Slytherin team smiled still more broadly. Let me show you the
generous gift he's made to the Slytherin team.
All seven of them held out their broomsticks. Seven highly polished,
brand-new handles and seven sets of fine gold lettering spelling the
words Nimbus Two Thousand and One gleamed under the Gryffindors'
noses in the early morning sun.
Very latest model. Only came out last month, said Flint carelessly,
flicking a speck of dust from the end of his own. I believe it outstrips
the old Two Thousand series by a considerable amount. As for the old
Cleansweeps - he smiled nastily at Fred and George, who were both
clutching Cleansweep Fives - sweeps the board with them.
None of the Gryffindor team could think of anything to say for a
moment. Malfoy was smirking so broadly his cold eyes were reduced
to slits.
Oh, look, said Flint. A field invasion.
Ron and Hermione were crossing the grass to see what was going on.
*111*
What's happening? Ron asked Harry. Why aren't you playing? And
what's he doing here?
He was looking at Malfoy, taking in his Slytherin Quidditch robes.
I'm the new Slytherin Seeker, Weasley, said Malfoy, smugly.
Everyone's just been admiring the brooms my father's bought our
team.
Ron gaped, open-mouthed, at the seven superb broomsticks in front of
him.
Good, aren't they? said Malfoy smoothly. But perhaps the
Gryffindor team will be able to raise some gold and get new brooms,
too. You could raffle off those Cleansweep Fives; I expect a museum
would bid for them.
The Slytherin team howled with laughter.
At least no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy their way in, said
Hermione sharply. They got in on pure talent.
The smug look on Malfoy's face flickered.
No one asked your opinion, you fiIthy little Mudblood, he spat.
Harry knew at once that Malfoy had said something really bad
because there was an instant uproar at his words. Flint had to dive in
front of Malfoy to stop Fred and George jumping on him, Alicia
shrieked, How dare you! ; and Ron plunged his hand into his robes,
pulled out his wand, yelling, You'll pay for that one, Malfoy! and
pointed it furiously under Flint's arm at Malfoys face.
A loud bang echoed around the stadium and a jet of green light shot
out of the wrong end of Ron's wand, hitting him in the stomach and
sending him reeling backward onto the grass.
Ron! Ron! Are you all right? squealed Hermione.
Ron opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out. Instead he
gave an almighty belch and several slugs dribbled out of his mouth
onto his lap.
The Slytherin team were paralyzed with laughter. Flint was doubled
up, hanging onto his new broomstick for support. Malfoy was on all
fours, banging the ground with his fist. The Gryffindors were
gathered around Ron, who kept belching large, glistening slugs.
Nobody seemed to want to touch him.
We'd better get him to Hagrid's, it's nearest, said Harry to
Hermione, who nodded bravely, and the pair of them pulled Ron up
by the arms.
What happened, Harry? What happened? Is he ill? But you can
cure him, can't you? Colin had run down from his seat and was now
dancing alongside them as they left the field. Ron gave a huge heave
and more slugs dribbled down his front.
Oooh, said Colin, fascinated and raising his camera. Can you hold
him still, Harry?
Get out of the way, Colin! said Harry angrily. He and Hermione
supported Ron out of the stadium and across the grounds toward
the edge of the forest.
Nearly there, Ron, said Hermione as the gamekeeper's cabin came
into view. You'll be all right in a minute - almost there -
They were within twenty feet of Hagrid's house when the front door
opened, but it wasn't Hagrid who emerged. Gilderoy Lockhart,
wearing robes of palest mauve today, came striding out.
Quick, behind here, Harry hissed, dragging Ron behind a nearby
bush. Hermione followed, somewhat reluctantly.
*113* *
It's a simple matter if you know what you're doing! Lockhart was
saying loudly to Hagrid. If you need help, you know where I am! I'll
let you have a copy of my book. I'm surprised you haven't already got
one - I'll sign one tonight and send it over. Well, good-bye! And he
strode away toward the castle.
Harry waited until Lockhart was out of sight, then pulled Ron out of
the bush and up to Hagrid's front door. They knocked urgently.
Hagrid appeared at once, looking very grumpy, but his expression
brightened when he saw who it was.
Bin wonderin' when you'd come ter see me - come in, come in -
thought you mighta bin Professor Lockhart back again -
Harry and Hermione supported Ron over the threshold into the one-
roomed cabin, which had an enormous bed in one corner, a fire
crackling merrily in the other. Hagrid didn't seem perturbed by Ron's
slug problem, which Harry hastily explained as he lowered Ron into a
chair.
Better out than in, he said cheerfully, plunking a large copper basin in
front of him. Get 'em all up, Ron.
I don't think there's anything to do except wait for it to stop, said
Hermione anxiously, watching Ron bend over the basin. That's a
difficult curse to work at the best of times, but with a broken wand -
Hagrid was bustling around making them tea. His boarhound, Fang,
was slobbering over Harry.
What did Lockhart want with you, Hagrid? Harry asked, scratching
Fang's ears.
Givin' me advice on gettin' kelpies out of a well, growled
*114*
Hagrid, moving a half-plucked rooster off his scrubbed table and
setting down the teapot. Like I don' know. An' bangin' on about
some banshee he banished. If one word of it was true, I'll eat my
kettle.
It was most unlike Hagrid to criticize a Hogwarts' teacher, and Harry
looked at him in surprise. Hermione, however, said in a voice
somewhat higher than usual, I think you're being a bit unfair.
Professor Dumbledore obviously thought he was the best man for
the job -
He was the on' man for the job, said Hagrid, offering them a Y
plate of treacle fudge, while Ron coughed squelchily into his basin.
An' I mean the on' one. Gettin' very difficult ter find anyone fer Y
the Dark Arts job. People aren't too keen ter take it on, see. They're
startin' ter think it's jinxed. No one's lasted long fer a while now. So
tell me, said Hagrid, jerking his head at Ron. Who was he tryin' ter
curse?
Malfoy called Hermione something - it must've been really bad,
because everyone went wild.
It was bad, said Ron hoarsely, emerging over the tabletop looking
pale and sweaty. Malfoy called her `Mudblood,' Hagrid -
Ron dived out of sight again as a fresh wave of slugs made their
appearance. Hagrid looked outraged.
He didn'! he growled at Hermione.
He did, she said. But I don't know what it means. I could tell it
was really rude, of course -
It's about the most insulting thing he could think of, gasped Ron,
coming back up. Mudblood's a really foul name for someone who is
Muggle-born - you know, non-magic parents. There are
*115*
some wizards - like Malfoy's family - who think they're better than
everyone else because they're what people call pure-blood. He
gave a small burp, and a single slug fell into his outstretched hand. He
threw it into the basin and continued, I mean, the rest of us know it
doesn't make any difference at all. Look at Neville Longbottom -
he's pure-blood and he can hardly stand a cauldron the right way
up.
An' they haven't invented a spell our Hermione can' do, said Hagrid
proudly, making Hermione go a brilliant shade of magenta.
It's a disgusting thing to call someone, said Ron, wiping his sweaty
brow with a shaking hand. Dirty blood, see. Common blood. It's
ridiculous. Most wizards these days are half-blood anyway. If we
hadn't married Muggles we'd've died out.
He retched and ducked out of sight again.
Well, I don' blame yeh fer tryin' ter curse him, Ron, said Hagrid
loudly over the thuds of more slugs hitting the basin. Bu' maybe it
was a good thing yer wand backfired. 'Spect Lucius Malfoy
would've come marchin' up ter school if yeh'd cursed his son. Least
yer not in trouble.
Harry would have pointed out that trouble didn't come much worse
than having slugs pouring out of your mouth, but he couldn't; Hagrid's
treacle fudge had cemented his jaws together.
Harry, said Hagrid abruptly as though struck by a sudden thought.
Gotta bone ter pick with yeh. I've heard you've bin givin' out signed
photos. How come I haven't got one?
Furious, Harry wrenched his teeth apart.
I have not been giving out signed photos, he said hotly. If
Lockhart's still spreading that around -
*116*
But then he saw that Hagrid was laughing.
I'm on'y jokin', he said, patting Harry genially on the back and
sending him face first into the table. I knew yeh hadn't really. I told
Lockhart yeh didn' need teh. Yer more famous than him without
tryin'.
Bet he didn't like that, said Harry, sitting up and rubbing his chin.
Don' think he did, said Hagrid, his eyes twinkling. An' then I told
him Id never read one o' his books an' he decided ter go. Treacle
fudge, Ron? he added as Ron reappeared.
No thanks, said Ron weakly. Better not risk it.
Come an' see what I've bin growin', said Hagrid as Harry and
Hermione finished the last of their tea.
In the small vegetable patch behind Hagrid's house were a dozen of
the largest pumpkins Harry had ever seen. Each was the size of a
large boulder.
Gettin' on well, aren't they? said Hagrid happily. Fer the Halloween
feast ... should be big enough by then.
What've you been feeding them? said Harry.
Hagrid looked over his shoulder to check that they were alone.
Well, I've bin givin' them - you know - a bit o' help -
Harry noticed Hagrid's flowery pink umbrella leaning against the back
wall of the cabin. Harry had had reason to believe before now that
this umbrella was not all it looked; in fact, he had the strong
impression that Hagrid's old school wand was concealed inside it.
Hagrid wasn't supposed to use magic. He had been expelled from
Hogwarts in his third year, but Harry had never found out why -any
mention of the matter and Hagrid would clear his
*117*
throat loudly and become mysteriously deaf until the subject was
changed.
An Engorgement Charm, I suppose? said Hermione, halfway
between disapproval and amusement. Well, you've done a good job on
them.
That's what yer little sister said, said Hagrid, nodding at Ron. Met
her jus' yesterday. Hagrid looked sideways at Harry, his beard
twitching. Said she was jus' lookin' round the grounds, but I reckon
she was hopin' she might run inter someone else at my house. He
winked at Harry. If yeh ask me, she wouldn' say no ter a signed -
Oh, shut up, said Harry. Ron snorted with laughter and the ground
was sprayed with slugs.
Watch it! Hagrid roared, pulling Ron away from his precious
pumpkins.
It was nearly lunchtime and as Harry had only had one bit of treacle
fudge since dawn, he was keen to go back to school to eat. They said
good-bye to Hagrid and walked back up to the castle, Ron hiccoughing
occasionally, but only bringing up two very small slugs.
They had barely set foot in the cool entrance hall when a voice rang
out, There you are, Potter - Weasley. Professor McGonagall was
walking toward them, looking stern. You will both do your detentions
this evening.
What're we doing, Professor? said Ron, nervously suppressing a
burp.
You will be polishing the silver in the trophy room with Mr. Filch,
said Professor McGonagall. And no magic, Weasley - elbow grease.
*118*
Ron gulped. Argus Filch, the caretaker, was loathed by every student
in the school.
And you, Potter, will be helping Professor Lockhart answer his fan
mail, said Professor McGonagall.
Oh n - Professor, can't I go and do the trophy room, too? said Harry
desperately.
Certainly not, said Professor McGonagall, raising her eyebrows.
Professor Lockhart requested you particularly. Eight o'clock sharp,
both of you.
Harry and Ron slouched into the Great Hall in states of deepest
gloom, Hermione behind them, wearing a well-you-did-break-school-
rules sort of expression. Harry didn't enjoy his shepherd's pie as
much as he'd thought. Both he and Ron felt they'd got the worse deal.
Filch'll have me there all night, said Ron heavily. No magic! There
must be about a hundred cups in that room. I'm no good at Muggle
cleaning.
I'd swap anytime, said Harry hollowly. I've had loads of practice
with the Dursleys. Answering Lockhart's fan mail ... he'll be a
nightmare ......
Saturday afternoon seemed to melt away, and in what seemed like no
time, it was five minutes to eight, and Harry was dragging his feet
along the second-floor corridor to Lockhart's office. He gritted his
teeth and knocked.
The door flew open at once. Lockhart beamed down at him.
Ah, here's the scalawag! he said. Come in, Harry, come in -
Shining brightly on the walls by the light of many candles were
countless framed photographs of Lockhart. He had even signed a few
of them. Another large pile lay on his desk.
You can address the envelopes! Lockhart told Harry, as though
this was a huge treat. This first one's to Gladys Gudgeon, bless her -
huge fan of mine -
The minutes snailed by. Harry let Lockhart's voice wash over him,
occasionally saying, Mmm and Right and Yeah. Now and then
he caught a phrase like, Fame's a fickle friend, Harry, or Celebrity
is as celebrity does, remember that.
The candles burned lower and lower, making the light dance over the
many moving faces of Lockhart watching him. Harry moved his
aching hand over what felt like the thousandth envelope, writing out
Veronica Smethley's address. It must be nearly time to leave, Harry
thought miserably, please let it be nearly time...
And then he heard something - something quite apart from the
spitting of the dying candles and Lockhart's prattle about his fans.
It was a voice, a voice to chill the bone marrow, a voice of
breathtaking, ice-cold venom.
Come ... come to me.... Let me rip you.... Let me tear you .... Let me kill you . .
. .
Harry gave a huge jump and a large lilac blot appeared on Veronica
Smethley's street.
What? he said loudly.
I know! said Lockhart. Six solid months at the top of the best-
seller list! Broke all records!
No, said Harry frantically. That voice!
Sorry? said Lockhart, looking puzzled. What voice?
That - that voice that said - didn't you hear it?
Lockhart was looking at Harry in high astonishment.
* 3-2o *
What are you talking about, Harry? Perhaps you're getting a litde
drowsy? Great Scott - look at the time! We've been here nearly four
hours! Id never have believed it - the time's flown, hasn't it?
Harry didn't answer. He was straining his ears to hear the voice again,
but there was no sound now except for Lockhart telling him he mustn't
expect a treat like this every time he got detention. Feeling dazed,
Harry left.
It was so late that the Gryffindor common room was almost empty.
Harry went straight up to the dormitory. Ron wasn't back yet. Harry
pulled on his pajamas, got into bed, and waited. Half an hour later, Ron
arrived, nursing his right arm and bringing a strong smell of polish into
the darkened room.
My muscles have all seized up, he groaned, sinking on his bed.
Fourteen times he made me buff up that Quidditch cup before he was
satisfied. And then I had another slug attack all over a Special Award
for Services to the School. Took ages to get the slime off... How was
it with Lockhart?
Keeping his voice low so as not to wake Neville, Dean, and Seamus,
Harry told Ron exactly what he had heard.
And Lockhart said he couldn't hear it? said Ron. Harry could see
him frowning in the moonlight. D'you think he was lying? But I don't
get it - even someone invisible would've had to open the door.
I know, said Harry, lying back in his four-poster and staring at the
canopy above him. I don't get it either.
* 12-1 *
October arrived, spreading a damp chill over the grounds and into the castle.
Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was kept busy by a sudden spate of colds among
the staff and students. Her Pepperup potion worked instantly, though it left
the drinker smoking at the ears for several hours afterward. Ginny Weasley,
who had been looking pale, was bullied into taking some by Percy. The
steam pouring from under her vivid hair gave the impression that her whole
head was on fire.
Raindrops the size of bullets thundered on the castle windows for days on
end; the lake rose, the flower beds turned into muddy streams, and Hagrid's
pumpkins swelled to the size of garden sheds. Oliver Wood's enthusiasm for
regular training sessions, however, was not dampened, which was why Harry
was to be found, late one stormy Saturday afternoon a few days before
Halloween, returning to Gryffindor Tower, drenched to the skin and
splattered with mud..
Even aside from the rain and wind it hadn't been a happy practice session.
Fred and George, who had been spying on the Slytherin team, had seen for
themselves the speed of those new Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones. They
reported that the Slytherin team was no more than seven greenish blurs,
shooting through the air like missiles.
As Harry squelched along the deserted corridor he came across somebody
who looked just as preoccupied as he was. Nearly Headless Nick, the ghost
of Gryffindor Tower, was staring morosely out of a window, muttering
under his breath, . . . don't fulfill their requirements . . . half an inch, if that .
. .
Hello, Nick, said Harry.
Hello, hello, said Nearly Headless Nick, starting and looking round. He
wore a dashing, plumed hat on his long curly hair, and a tunic with a ruff,
which concealed the fact that his neck was almost completely severed. He
was pale as smoke, and Harry could see right through him to the dark sky
and torrential rain outside.
You look troubled, young Potter, said Nick, folding a transparent letter as
he spoke and tucking it inside his doublet.
So do you, said Harry.
Ah, Nearly Headless Nick waved an elegant hand, a matter of no
importance. . . . It's not as though I really wanted to join. . . . Thought I'd
apply, but apparently I 'don't fulfill requirements' -
In spite of his airy tone, there was a look of great bitterness on his face.
But you would think, wouldn't you, he erupted suddenly, pulling the letter
back out of his pocket, that getting hit forty-five times in the neck with a
blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headless Hunt?
Oh - yes, said Harry, who was obviously supposed to agree.
I mean, nobody wishes more than I do that it had all been quick and clean,
and my head had come off properly, I mean, it would have saved me a great
deal of pain and ridicule. However - Nearly Headless Nick shook his letter
open and read furiously: 'We can only accept huntsmen whose heads have
parted company with their bodies. You will appreciate that it would be
impossible otherwise for members to participate in hunt activities such as
Horseback Head-Juggling and Head Polo. It is with the greatest regret,
therefore, that I must inform you that you do not fulfill our requirements.
With very best wishes, Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore.'
Fuming, Nearly Headless Nick stuffed the letter away.
Half an inch of skin and sinew holding my neck on, Harry! Most people
would think that's good and beheaded, but oh, no, it's not enough for Sir
Properly Decapitated-Podmore.
Nearly Headless Nick took several deep breaths and then said, in a far
calmer tone, So - what's bothering you? Anything I can do?
No, said Harry. Not unless you know where we can get seven free
Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones for our match against Sly -
The rest of Harry's sentence was drowned out by a high-pitched mewling
from somewhere near his ankles. He looked down and found himself gazing
into a pair of lamp-like yellow eyes. It was Mrs. Norris, the skeletal gray cat
who was used by the caretaker, Argus Filch, as a sort of deputy in his
endless battle against students.
You'd better get out of here, Harry, said Nick quickly. Filch isn't in a
good mood - he's got the flu and some third years accidentally plastered frog
brains all over the ceiling in dungeon five. He's been cleaning all morning,
and if he sees you dripping mud all over the place -
Right, said Harry, backing away from the accusing stare of Mrs. Norris,
but not quickly enough. Drawn to the spot by the mysterious power that
seemed to connect him with his foul cat, Argus Filch burst suddenly through
a tapestry to Harry's right, wheezing and looking wildly about for the rule-breaker.
There was a thick tartan scarf bound around his head, and his nose
was unusually purple.
Filth! he shouted, his jowls aquiver, his eyes popping alarmingly as he
pointed at the muddy puddle that had dripped from Harry's Quidditch robes.
Mess and muck everywhere! I've had enough of it, I tell you! Follow me,
Potter!
So Harry waved a gloomy good-bye to Nearly Headless Nick and followed
Filch back downstairs, doubling the number of muddy footprints on the
floor.
Harry had never been inside Filch's office before; it was a place most
students avoided. The room was dingy and windowless, lit by a single oil
lamp dangling from the low ceiling. A faint smell of fried fish lingered about
the place. Wooden filing cabinets stood around the walls; from their labels,
Harry could see that they contained details of every pupil Filch had ever
punished. Fred and George Weasley had an entire drawer to themselves. A
highly polished collection of chains and manacles hung on the wall behind
Filch's desk. It was common knowledge that he was always begging
Dumbledore to let him suspend students by their ankles from the ceiling.
Filch grabbed a quill from a pot on his desk and began shuffling around
looking for parchment.
Dung, he muttered furiously, great sizzling dragon bogies . . . frog brains
. . . rat intestines . . . I've had enough of it . . . make an example . . . where's
the form . . . yes . . .
He retrieved a large roll of parchment from his desk drawer and stretched it
out in front of him, dipping his long black quill into the ink pot.
Name . . . Harry Potter. Crime . . .
It was only a bit of mud! said Harry.
It's only a bit of mud to you, boy, but to me it's an extra hour scrubbing!
shouted Filch, a drip shivering unpleasantly at the end of his bulbous nose.
Crime . . . befouling the castle . . . suggested sentence . . .
Dabbing at his streaming nose, Filch squinted unpleasantly at Harry who
waited with bated breath for his sentence to fall.
But as Filch lowered his quill, there was a great BANG! on the ceiling of
the office, which made the oil lamp rattle.
PEEVES! Filch roared, flinging down his quill in a transport of rage. I'll
have you this time, I'll have you!
And without a backward glance at Harry, Filch ran flat-footed from the
office, Mrs. Norris streaking alongside him.
Peeves was the school poltergeist, a grinning, airborne menace who lived to
cause havoc and distress. Harry didn't much like Peeves, but couldn't help
feeling grateful for his timing. Hopefully, whatever Peeves had done (and it
sounded as though he'd wrecked something very big this time) would
distract Filch from Harry.
Thinking that he should probably wait for Filch to come back, Harry sank
into a moth-eaten chair next to the desk. There was only one thing on it apart
from his half-completed form: a large, glossy, purple envelope with silver
lettering on the front. With a quick glance at the door to check that Filch
wasn't on his way back, Harry picked up the envelope and read: kwikspell A
Correspondence Course in Beginners' Magic.
Intrigued, Harry flicked the envelope open and pulled out the sheaf of
parchment inside. More curly silver writing on the front page said: Feel out
of step in the world of modern magic? Find yourself making excuses not to
perform simple spells? Ever been taunted for your woeful wandwork? There
is an answer! Kwikspell is an all-new, fail-safe, quick-result, easy-learn
course. Hundreds of witches and wizards have benefited from the Kwikspell
method! Madam Z. Nettles of Topsham writes: I had no memory for
incantations and my potions were a family joke! Now, after a Kwikspell
course, I am the center of attention at parties and friends beg for the recipe of
my Scintillation Solution! Warlock D. J. Prod of Didsbury says: My wife
used to sneer at my feeble charms, but one month into your fabulous
Kwikspell course and I succeeded in turning her into a yak! Thank you,
Kwikspell!
Fascinated, Harry thumbed through the rest of the envelope's contents. Why
on earth did Filch want a Kwikspell course? Did this mean he wasn't a
proper wizard? Harry was just reading Lesson One: Holding Your Wand
(Some Useful Tips) when shuffling footsteps outside told him Filch was
coming back. Stuffing the parchment back into the envelope, Harry threw it
back onto the desk just as the door opened.
Filch was looking triumphant.
That vanishing cabinet was extremely valuable! he was saying gleefully to
Mrs. Norris. We'll have Peeves out this time, my sweet -
His eyes fell on Harry and then darted to the Kwikspell envelope, which,
Harry realized too late, was lying two feet away from where it had started.
Filch's pasty face went brick red. Harry braced himself for a tidal wave of
fury. Filch hobbled across to his desk, snatched up the envelope, and threw it
into a drawer.
Have you - did you read -? he sputtered.
No, Harry lied quickly.
Filch's knobbly hands were twisting together.
If I thought you'd read my private - not that it's mine - for a friend - be that
as it may - however -
Harry was staring at him, alarmed; Filch had never looked madder. His eyes
were popping, a tic was going in one of his pouchy cheeks, and the tartan
scarf didn't help.
Very well - go - and don't breathe a word - not that - however, if you didn't
read - go now, I have to write up Peeves' report - go -
Amazed at his luck, Harry sped out of the office, up the corridor, and back
upstairs. To escape from Filch's office without punishment was probably
some kind of school record.
Harry! Harry! Did it work?
Nearly Headless Nick came gliding out of a classroom. Behind him, Harry
could see the wreckage of a large black-and-gold cabinet that appeared to
have been dropped from a great height.
I persuaded Peeves to crash it right over Filch's office, said Nick eagerly.
Thought it might distract him -
Was that you? said Harry gratefully. Yeah, it worked, I didn't even get
detention. Thanks, Nick!
They set off up the corridor together. Nearly Headless Nick, Harry noticed,
was still holding Sir Patrick's rejection letter..
I wish there was something I could do for you about the Headless Hunt,
Harry said.
Nearly Headless Nick stopped in his tracks and Harry walked right through
him. He wished he hadn't; it was like stepping through an icy shower.
But there is something you could do for me, said Nick excitedly. Harry -
would I be asking too much - but no, you wouldn't want -
What is it? said Harry.
Well, this Halloween will be my five hundredth deathday, said Nearly
Headless Nick, drawing himself up and looking dignified.
Oh, said Harry, not sure whether he should look sorry or happy about this.
Right.
I'm holding a party down in one of the roomier dungeons. Friends will be
coming from all over the country. It would be such an honor if you would
attend. Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger would be most welcome, too, of
course - but I daresay you'd rather go to the school feast? He watched Harry
on tenterhooks.
No, said Harry quickly, I'll come -
My dear boy! Harry Potter, at my deathday party! And - he hesitated,
looking excited - do you think you could possibly mention to Sir Patrick
how very frightening and impressive you find me?
Of - of course, said Harry.
Nearly Headless Nick beamed at him. A deathday party? said Hermione
keenly when Harry had changed at last and joined her and Ron in the
common room. I bet there aren't many living people who can say they've
been to one of those - it'll be fascinating!.
Why would anyone want to celebrate the day they died? said Ron, who
was halfway through his Potions homework and grumpy. Sounds dead
depressing to me. . . .
Rain was still lashing the windows, which were now inky black, but inside
all looked bright and cheerful. The firelight glowed over the countless
squashy armchairs where people sat reading, talking, doing homework or, in
the case of Fred and George Weasley, trying to find out what would happen
if you fed a Filibuster firework to a salamander. Fred had rescued the
brilliant orange, fire-dwelling lizard from a Care of Magical Creatures class
and it was now smouldering gently on a table surrounded by a knot of
curious people.
Harry was at the point of telling Ron and Hermione about Filch and the
Kwikspell course when the salamander suddenly whizzed into the air,
emitting loud sparks and bangs as it whirled wildly round the room. The
sight of Percy bellowing himself hoarse at Fred and George, the spectacular
display of tangerine stars showering from the salamander's mouth, and its
escape into the fire, with accompanying explosions, drove both Filch and the
Kwikspell envelope from Harry's mind. By the time Halloween arrived,
Harry was regretting his rash promise to go to the deathday party. The rest of
the school was happily anticipating their Halloween feast; the Great Hall had
been decorated with the usual live bats, Hagrid's vast pumpkins had been
carved into lanterns large enough for three men to sit in, and there were
rumors that Dumbledore had booked a troupe of dancing skeletons for the
entertainment.
A promise is a promise, Hermione reminded Harry bossily. You said
you'd go to the deathday party.
So at seven o'clock, Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked straight past the
doorway to the packed Great Hall, which was glittering invitingly with gold
plates and candles, and directed their steps instead toward the dungeons.
The passageway leading to Nearly Headless Nick's party had been lined
with candles, too, though the effect was far from cheerful: These were long,
thin, jet-black tapers, all burning bright blue, casting a dim, ghostly light
even over their own living faces. The temperature dropped with every step
they took. As Harry shivered and drew his robes tightly around him, he
heard what sounded like a thousand fingernails scraping an enormous
blackboard.
Is that supposed to be music? Ron whispered. They turned a corner and
saw Nearly Headless Nick standing at a doorway hung with black velvet
drapes.
My dear friends, he said mournfully. Welcome, welcome . . . so pleased
you could come. . . .
He swept off his plumed hat and bowed them inside.
It was an incredible sight. The dungeon was full of hundreds of pearly-white,
translucent people, mostly drifting around a crowded dance floor,
waltzing to the dreadful, quavering sound of thirty musical saws, played by
an orchestra on a raised, black-draped platform. A chandelier overhead
blazed midnight-blue with a thousand more black candles. Their breath rose
in a mist before them; it was like stepping into a freezer.
Shall we have a look around? Harry suggested, wanting to warm up his
feet.
Careful not to walk through anyone, said Ron nervously, and they set off
around the edge of the dance floor. They passed a group of gloomy nuns, a
ragged man wearing chains, and the Fat Friar, a cheerful Hufflepuff ghost,
who was talking to a knight with an arrow sticking out of his forehead. Harry
wasn't surprised to see that the Bloody Baron, a gaunt, staring Slytherin
ghost covered in silver bloodstains, was being given a wide berth by the
other ghosts.
Oh, no, said Hermione, stopping abruptly. Turn back, turn back, I don't
want to talk to Moaning Myrtle -
Who? said Harry as they backtracked quickly.
She haunts one of the toilets in the girls' bathroom on the first floor, said
Hermione.
She haunts a toilet?
Yes. It's been out-of-order all year because she keeps having tantrums and
flooding the place. I never went in there anyway if I could avoid it; it's awful
trying to have a pee with her wailing at you -
Look, food! said Ron.
On the other side of the dungeon was a long table, also covered in black
velvet. They approached it eagerly but next moment had stopped in their
tracks, horrified. The smell was quite disgusting. Large, rotten fish were laid
on handsome silver platters; cakes, burned charcoal-black, were heaped on
salvers; there was a great maggoty haggis, a slab of cheese covered in furry
green mold and, in pride of place, an enormous gray cake in the shape of a
tombstone, with tar-like icing forming the words, Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington
died 31st October, 1492
Harry watched, amazed, as a portly ghost approached the table, crouched
low, and walked through it, his mouth held wide so that it passed through
one of the stinking salmon.
Can you taste it if you walk though it? Harry asked him.
Almost, said the ghost sadly, and he drifted away.
I expect they've let it rot to give it a stronger flavor, said Hermione
knowledgeably, pinching her nose and leaning closer to look at the putrid
haggis.
Can we move? I feel sick, said Ron.
They had barely turned around, however, when a little man swooped
suddenly from under the table and came to a halt in midair before them.
Hello, Peeves, said Harry cautiously.
Unlike the ghosts around them, Peeves the Poltergeist was the very reverse
of pale and transparent. He was wearing a bright orange party hat, a
revolving bow tie, and a broad grin on his wide, wicked face.
Nibbles? he said sweetly, offering them a bowl of peanuts covered in
fungus.
No thanks, said Hermione.
Heard you talking about poor Myrtle, said Peeves, his eyes dancing.
Rude you was about poor Myrtle. He took a deep breath and bellowed,
OY! MYRTLE!
Oh, no, Peeves, don't tell her what I said, she'll be really upset, Hermione
whispered frantically. I didn't mean it, I don't mind her - er, hello, Myrtle.
The squat ghost of a girl had glided over. She had the glummest face Harry
had ever seen, half-hidden behind lank hair and thick, pearly spectacles.
What? she said sulkily.
How are you, Myrtle? said Hermione in a falsely bright voice. It's nice to
see you out of the toilet.
Myrtle sniffed.
Miss Granger was just talking about you - said Peeves slyly in Myrtle's
ear.
Just saying - saying - how nice you look tonight, said Hermione, glaring
at Peeves.
Myrtle eyed Hermione suspiciously.
You're making fun of me, she said, silver tears welling rapidly in her
small, see-through eyes.
No - honestly - didn't I just say how nice Myrtle's looking? said
Hermione, nudging Harry and Ron painfully in the ribs.
Oh, yeah -
She did -
Don't lie to me, Myrtle gasped, tears now flooding down her face, while
Peeves chuckled happily over her shoulder. D'you think I don't know what
people call me behind my back? Fat Myrtle! Ugly Myrtle! Miserable,
moaning, moping Myrtle!
You've forgotten pimply, Peeves hissed in her ear.
Moaning Myrtle burst into anguished sobs and fled from the dungeon.
Peeves shot after her, pelting her with moldy peanuts, yelling, Pimply!
Pimply!
Oh, dear, said Hermione sadly.
Nearly Headless Nick now drifted toward them through the crowd.
Enjoying yourselves?
Oh, yes, they lied.
Not a bad turnout, said Nearly Headless Nick proudly. The Wailing
Widow came all the way up from Kent. . . . It's nearly time for my speech,
I'd better go and warn the orchestra. . . .
The orchestra, however, stopped playing at that very moment. They, and
everyone else in the dungeon, fell silent, looking around in excitement, as a
hunting horn sounded.
Oh, here we go, said Nearly Headless Nick bitterly.
Through the dungeon wall burst a dozen ghost horses, each ridden by a
headless horseman. The assembly clapped wildly; Harry started to clap, too,
but stopped quickly at the sight of Nick's face.
The horses galloped into the middle of the dance floor and halted, rearing
and plunging. At the front of the pack was a large ghost who held his
bearded head under his arm, from which position he was blowing the horn.
The ghost leapt down, lifted his head high in the air so he could see over the
crowd (everyone laughed), and strode over to Nearly Headless Nick,
squashing his head back onto his neck.
Nick! he roared. How are you? Head still hanging in there?
He gave a hearty guffaw and clapped Nearly Headless Nick on the shoulder.
Welcome, Patrick, said Nick stiffly.
Live 'uns! said Sir Patrick, spotting Harry, Ron, and Hermione and giving
a huge, fake jump of astonishment, so that his head fell off again (the crowd
howled with laughter).
Very amusing, said Nearly Headless Nick darkly.
Don't mind Nick! shouted Sir Patrick's head from the floor. Still upset we
won't let him join the Hunt! But I mean to say - look at the fellow -
I think, said Harry hurriedly, at a meaningful look from Nick, Nick's very
Ha! yelled Sir Patrick's head. Bet he asked you to say that!
If I could have everyone's attention, it's time for my speech! said Nearly
Headless Nick loudly, striding toward the podium and climbing into an icy
blue spotlight.
My late lamented lords, ladies, and gentlemen, it is my great sorrow . . .
But nobody heard much more. Sir Patrick and the rest of the Headless Hunt
had just started a game of Head Hockey and the crowd were turning to
watch. Nearly Headless Nick tried vainly to recapture his audience, but gave
up as Sir Patrick's head went sailing past him to loud cheers.
Harry was very cold by now, not to mention hungry.
I can't stand much more of this, Ron muttered, his teeth chattering, as the
orchestra ground back into action and the ghosts swept back onto the dance
floor.
Let's go, Harry agreed.
They backed toward the door, nodding and beaming at anyone who looked
at them, and a minute later were hurrying back up the passageway full of
black candles.
Pudding might not be finished yet, said Ron hopefully, leading the way
toward the steps to the entrance hall.
And then Harry heard it.
. . . rip . . . tear . . . kill . . .
It was the same voice, the same cold, murderous voice he had heard in
Lockhart's office.
He stumbled to a halt, clutching at the stone wall, listening with all his
might, looking around, squinting up and down the dimly lit passageway.
Harry, what're you -?
It's that voice again - shut up a minute -
. . . soo hungry . . . for so long . . .
Listen! said Harry urgently, and Ron and Hermione froze, watching him.
. . . kill . . . time to kill . . .
The voice was growing fainter. Harry was sure it was moving away -
moving upward. A mixture of fear and excitement gripped him as he stared
at the dark ceiling; how could it be moving upward? Was it a phantom, to
whom stone ceilings didn't matter?
This way, he shouted, and he began to run, up the stairs, into the entrance
hall. It was no good hoping to hear anything here, the babble of talk from the
Halloween feast was echoing out of the Great Hall. Harry sprinted up the
marble staircase to the first floor, Ron and Hermione clattering behind him.
Harry, what're we -
SHH!
Harry strained his ears. Distantly, from the floor above, and growing fainter
still, he heard the voice: . . . I smell blood. . . . I SMELL BLOOD!
His stomach lurched -
It's going to kill someone! he shouted, and ignoring Ron's and Hermione's
bewildered faces, he ran up the next flight of steps three at a time, trying to
listen over his own pounding footsteps -
Harry hurtled around the whole of the second floor, Ron and Hermione
panting behind him, not stopping until they turned a corner into the last,
deserted passage.
Harry, what was that all about? said Ron, wiping sweat off his face. I
couldn't hear anything. . . .
But Hermione gave a sudden gasp, pointing down the corridor.
Look!
Something was shining on the wall ahead. They approached slowly,
squinting through the darkness. Foot-high words had been daubed on the
wall between two windows, shimmering in the light cast by the flaming
torches. the chamber of secrets has been opened. enemies of the heir,
beware.
What's that thing - hanging underneath? said Ron, a slight quiver in his
voice.
As they edged nearer, Harry almost slipped - there was a large puddle of
water on the floor; Ron and Hermione grabbed him, and they inched toward
the message, eyes fixed on a dark shadow beneath it. All three of them
realized what it was at once, and leapt backward with a splash..Mrs. Norris, 
the caretaker's cat, was hanging by her tail from the torch
bracket. She was stiff as a board, her eyes wide and staring.
For a few seconds, they didn't move. Then Ron said, Let's get out of here.
Shouldn't we try and help - Harry began awkwardly.
Trust me, said Ron. We don't want to be found here.
But it was too late. A rumble, as though of distant thunder, told them that
the feast had just ended. From either end of the corridor where they stood
came the sound of hundreds of feet climbing the stairs, and the loud, happy
talk of well-fed people; next moment, students were crashing into the
passage from both ends.
The chatter, the bustle, the noise died suddenly as the people in front spotted
the hanging cat. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood alone, in the middle of the
corridor, as silence fell among the mass of students pressing forward to see
the grisly sight.
Then someone shouted through the quiet.
Enemies of the Heir, beware! You'll be next, Mudbloods!
It was Draco Malfoy. He had pushed to the front of the crowd, his cold eyes
alive, his usually bloodless face flushed, as he grinned at the sight of the
hanging, immobile cat.
C H A P T X IR 
THE WRTITING
ON THE WALL
What's going on here? What's going on? Attracted no doubt by
Malfoy's shout, Argus Filch came shouldering his way through the
crowd. Then he saw Mrs. Norris and fell back, clutching his face in
horror.
My cat! My cat! What's happened to Mrs. Norris? he shrieked.
And his popping eyes fell on Harry.
You!he screeched. You! You've murdered my cat! You've
killed her! I'll kill you! I'll -
Argus!
Dumbledore had arrived on the scene, followed by a number of other
teachers. In seconds, he had swept past Harry, Ron, and Hermione
and detached Mrs. Norris from the torch bracket.
Come with me, Argus, he said to Filch. You, too, Mr. Potter, Mr.
Weasley, Miss Granger.
Lockhart stepped forward eagerly.
*140*
My office is nearest, Headmaster - just upstairs - please feel free -
Thank you, Gilderoy, said Dumbledore.
The silent crowd parted to let them pass. Lockhart, looking excited and
important, hurried after Dumbledore; so did Professors McGonagall
and Snape.
As they entered Lockhart's darkened office there was a flurry of
movement across the walls; Harry saw several of the Lockharts in the
pictures dodging out of sight, their hair in rollers. The real Lockhart lit
the candles on his desk and stood back. Dumbledore lay Mrs. Norris
on the polished surface and began to examine her. Harry, Ron, and
Hermione exchanged tense looks and sank into chairs outside the pool
of candlelight, watching.
The tip of Dumbledore's long, crooked nose was barely an inch from
Mrs. Norris's fur. He was looking at her closely through his half-moon
spectacles, his long fingers gently prodding and poking. Professor
McGonagall was bent almost as close, her eyes narrowed. Snape
loomed behind them, half in shadow, wearing a most peculiar
expression: It was as though he was trying hard not to smile. And
Lockhart was hovering around all of them, making suggestions.
It was definitely a curse that killed her - probably the Transmogrifian
Torture - I've seen it used many times, so unlucky I wasn't there, I
know the very countercurse that would have saved her . .....
Lockhart's comments were punctuated by Filch's dry, racking sobs.
He was slumped in a chair by the desk, unable to look at Mrs. Norris,
his face in his hands. Much as he detested Filch, Harry
*141*
couldn't help feeling a bit sorry for him, though not nearly as sorry as
he felt for himself If Dumbledore believed Filch, he would be expelled
for sure.
Dumbledore was now muttering strange words under his breath and
tapping Mrs. Norris with his wand but nothing happened: She
continued to look as though she had been recently stuffed.
. . . I remember something very similar happening in Ouagadogou,
said Lockhart, a series of attacks, the full story's in my
autobiography, I was able to provide the townsfolk with various
amulets, which cleared the matter up at once ......
The photographs of Lockhart on the walls were all nodding in
agreement as he talked. One of them had forgotten to remove his hair
net.
At last Dumbledore straightened up.
She's not dead, Argus, he said softly.
Lockhart stopped abruptly in the middle of counting the number of
murders he had prevented.
Not dead? choked Filch, looking through his fingers at Mrs. Norris.
But why's she all - all stiff and frozen?
She has been Petrified, said Dumbledore (Ah! I thought so! said
Lockhart). But how, I cannot say . . . .
Ask him! shrieked Filch, turning his blotched and tearstained face to
Harry.
No second year could have done this, said Dumbledore firmly. it
would take Dark Magic of the most advanced -
He did it, he did it! Filch spat, his pouchy face purpling. You saw
what he wrote on the wall! He found - in my office - he knows I'm a -
I'm a - Filch's face worked horribly. He knows I'm a Squib! he
finished.
I never touched Mrs. Norris! Harry said loudly, uncomfortably
aware of everyone looking at him, including all the Lockharts on the
walls. And I don't even know what a Squib is.
Rubbish! snarled Filch. He saw my Kwikspell letter!
If I might speak, Headmaster, said Snape from the shadows, and
Harry's sense of forboding increased; he was sure nothing Snape had
to say was going to do him any good.
Potter and his friends may have simply been in the wrong place at the
wrong time, he said, a slight sneer curling his mouth as though he
doubted it. But we do have a set of suspicious circumstances here.
Why was he in the upstairs corridor at all? Why wasn't he at the
Halloween feast?
Harry, Ron and Hermione all launched into an explanation about the
deathday party. . . . there were hundreds of ghosts, theyll tell you we were
there -
But why not join the feast afterward? said Snape, his black eyes
glittering in the candlelight. Why go up to that corridor?
Ron and Hermione looked at Harry.
Because - because - Harry said, his heart thumping very fast;
something told him it would sound very far-fetched if he told them he
had been led there by a bodiless voice no one but he could hear,
because we were tired and wanted to go to bed, he said.
Without any supper? said Snape, a triumphant smile flickering across
his gaunt face. I didn't think ghosts provided food fit for living people
at their parties.
We weren't hungry, said Ron loudly as his stomach gave a huge
rumble.
Snape's nasty smile widened.
*143*
I suggest, Headmaster, that Potter is not being entirely truthful, he
said. It might be a good idea if he were deprived of certain privileges
until he is ready to tell us the whole story. I personally feel he should
be taken off the Gryffindor Quidditch team until he is ready to be
honest.
Really, Severus, said Professor McGonagall sharply, I see no
reason to stop the boy playing Quidditch. This cat wasn't hit over the
head with a broomstick. There is no evidence at all that Potter has
done anything wrong.
Dumbledore was giving Harry a searching look. His twinkling light-
blue gaze made Harry feel as though he were being X-rayed.
Innocent until proven guilty, Severus, he said firmly.
Snape looked furious. So did Filch.
My cat has been Petrified! he shrieked, his eyes popping. I want to
see some punishment!
We will be able to cure her, Argus, said Dumbledore patiently.
Professer Sprout recently managed to procure some Mandrakes. As
soon as they have reached their full size, I will have a potion made that
will revive Mrs. Norris.
I'll make it, Lockhart butted in. I must have done it a hundred times.
I could whip up a Mandrake Restorative Draught in my sleep -
Excuse me, said Snape icily. But I believe I am the Potions master
at this school.
There was a very awkward pause.
You may go, Dumbledore said to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
They went, as quickly as they could without actually running. When
they were a floor up from Lockhart's office, they turned into
*144*
an empty classroom and closed the door quietly behind them. Harry
squinted at his friends' darkened faces.
D'you think I should have told them about that voice I heard?
No, said Ron, without hesitation. Hearing voices no one else can
hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.
Something in Ron's voice made Harry ask, You do believe me, don't
you?
Course I do, said Ron quickly. But -you must admit it's weird ......
I know it's weird, said Harry. The whole thing's weird. What was
that writing on the wall about? The Cbamber Has Been Opened...
What's that supposed to mean?
You know, it rings a sort of bell, said Ron slowly. I think someone
told me a story about a secret chamber at Hogwarts once ... might've
been Bill . . . .
And what on earth's a Squib? said Harry.
To his surprise, Ron stifled a snigger.
Well - it's not funny really - but as it's Filch, he said. A Squib is
someone who was born into a wizarding family but hasn't got any
magic powers. Kind of the opposite of Muggle-born wizards, but
Squibs are quite unusual. If Filch's trying to learn magic from a
Kwikspell course, I reckon he must be a Squib. It would explain a lot.
Like why he hates students so much. Ron gave a satisfied smile.
He's bitter.
A clock chimed somewhere.
Midnight, said Harry. We'd better get to bed before Snape comes
along and tries to frame us for something else.
*145*
For a few days, the school could talk of little else but the attack on
Mrs. Norris. Filch kept it fresh in everyone's minds by pacing the spot
where she had been attacked, as though he thought the attacker might
come back. Harry had seen him scrubbing the message on the wall
with Mrs. Skower's All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover, but to no
effect; the words still gleamed as brightly as ever on the stone. When
Filch wasn't guarding the scene of the crime, he was skulking red-
eyed through the corridors, lunging out at unsuspecting students and
trying to put them in detention for things like breathing loudly' and
looking happy.
Ginny Weasley seemed very disturbed by Mrs. Norris's fate.
According to Ron, she was a great cat lover.
But you haven't really got to know Mrs. Norris, Ron told her
bracingly. Honestly, we're much better off without her. Ginny's lip
trembled. Stuff like this doesn't often happen at Hogwarts, Ron
assured her. They'll catch the maniac who did it and have him out of
here in no time. I just hope he's got time to Petrify Filch before he's
expelled. I'm only joking - Ron added hastily as Ginny blanched.
The attack had also had an effect on Hermione. It was quite usual for
Hermione to spend a lot of time reading, but she was now doing
almost nothing else. Nor could Harry and Ron get much response
from her when they asked what she was up to, and not until the
following Wednesday did they find out.
Harry had been held back in Potions, where Snape had made him stay
behind to scrape tubeworms off the desks. After a hurried lunch, he
went upstairs to meet Ron in the library, and saw Justin Finch-
Fletchley, the Hufflepuff boy from Herbology, coming
*146*
toward him. Harry had just opened his mouth to say hello when Justin
caught sight of him, turned abruptly, and sped off in the opposite
direction.
Harry found Ron at the back of the library, measuring his History of
Magic homework. Professor Binns had asked for a threefoot-long
composition on The Medieval Assembly of European
 
 
riously, letting go of his parchment, which sprang back into a roll.
And Hermione's done four feet seven inches and her writing's
tiny. 
Where is she? asked Harry, grabbing the tape measure and unrolling
his own homework.
Somewhere over there, said Ron, pointing along the shelves. Looking
for another book. I think she's trying to read the whole library before
Christmas.
Harry told Ron about Justin Finch-Fletchley running away from him.
Dunno why you care. I thought he was a bit of an idiot, said Ron,
scribbling away, making his writing as large as possible. All that junk
about Lockhart being so great -
Hermione emerged from between the bookshelves. She looked irritable
and at last seemed ready to talk to them.
All the copies of Hogwarts, A History have been taken out, she said,
sitting down next to Harry and Ron. And there's a two-week waiting
list. I wish I hadn't left my copy at home, but I couldn't fit it in my trunk
with all the Lockhart books.
Why do you want it? said Harry.
*141*
The same reason everyone else wants it, said Hermione, to read
up on the legend of the Chamber of Secrets.
What's that? said Harry quickly.
That's just it. I can't remember, said Hermione, biting her lip. And
I can't find the story anywhere else -
Hermione, let me read your composition, said Ron desperately,
checking his watch.
No, I won't, said Hermione, suddenly severe. You've had ten
days to finish it -
I only need another two inches, come on -
The bell rang. Ron and Hermione led the way to History of Magic,
bickering.
History of Magic was the dullest subject on their schedule. Professor
Binns, who taught it, was their only ghost teacher, and the most
exciting thing that ever happened in his classes was his entering the
room through the blackboard. Ancient and shriveled, many people
said he hadn't noticed he was dead. He had simply got up to teach
one day and left his body behind him in an armchair in front of the
staff room fire; his routine had not varied in the slightest since.
Today was as boring as ever. Professor Binns opened his notes and
began to read in a flat drone like an old vacuum cleaner until nearly
everyone in the class was in a deep stupor, occasionally coming to
long enough to copy down a name or date, then falling asleep again.
He had been speaking for half an hour when something happened
that had never happened before. Hermione put up her hand.
Professor Binns, glancing up in the middle of a deadly dull lec
*148*
ture on the International Warlock Convention of 1289, looked amazed.
Miss - er -?
Granger, Professor. I was wondering if you could tell us anything
about the Chamber of Secrets, said Hermione in a clear voice.
Dean Thomas, who had been sitting with his mouth hanging open,
gazing out of the window, jerked out of his trance; Lavender Brown's
head came up off her arms and Neville Longbottom's elbow slipped
off his desk.
Professor Binns blinked.
My subject is History of Magic, he said in his dry, wheezy voice. I
deal with facts, Miss Granger, not myths and legends. He cleared his
throat with a small noise like chalk s!-ping and continued, In
September of that year, a subcommittee of Sardinian sorcerers
He stuttered to a halt. Hermione's hand was waving in the air again.
Miss Grant?
Please, sir, don't legends always have a basis in fact?
Professor Binns was looking at her in such amazement, Harry was
sure no student had ever interrupted him before, alive or dead.
Well, said Professor Binns slowly, yes, one could argue that, I
suppose. He peered at Hermione as though he had never seen a
student properly before. However, the legend of which you speak is
such a very sensational, even ludicrous tale -
But the whole class was now hanging on Professor Binns's every
word. He looked dimly at them all, every face turned to his. Harry
*149*
could tell he was completely thrown by such an unusual show of
interest.
Oh, very well, he said slowly. Let me see ... the Chamber of
Secrets ...
You all know, of course, that Hogwarts was founded over a thousand
years ago - the precise date is uncertain - by the four greatest witches
and wizards of the age. The four school Houses are named after
them: Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and
Salazar Slytherin. They built this castle together, far from prying
Muggle eyes, for it was an age when magic was feared by common
people, and witches and wizards suffered much persecution.
He paused, gazed blearily around the room, and continued.
For a few years, the founders worked in harmony together, seeking
out youngsters who showed signs of magic and bringing them to the
castle to be educated. But then disagreements sprang up between
them. A rift began to grow between Slytherin and the others. Slytherin
wished to be more selective about the students admitted to Hogwarts. He
believed that magical learning should be kept within all-magic families.
He disliked taking students of Muggle parentage, believing them to be
untrustworthy. After a while, there was a serious argument on the
subject between Slytherin and Gryffindor, and Slytherin left the
school.
Professor Binns paused again, pursing his lips, looking like a wrinkled
old tortoise.
Reliable historical sources tell us this much, he said. But these
honest facts have been obscured by the fanciful legend of the
Chamber of Secrets. The story goes that Slytherin had built a
*150*
hidden chamber in the castle, of which the other founders knew
nothing.
Slytherin, according to the legend, sealed the Chamber of Secrets
so that none would be able to open it until his own true heir arrived at
the school. The heir alone would be able to unseal the Chamber of
Secrets, unleash the horror within, and use it to purge the school of
all who were unworthy to study magic.
There was silence as he finished telling the story, but it wasn't the
usual, sleepy silence that filled Professor Binns's classes. There was
unease in the air as everyone continued to watch him, hoping for
more. Professor Binns looked faintly annoyed.
The whole thing is arrant nonsense, of course, he said. Naturally,
the school has been searched for evidence of such a chamber, many
times, by the most learned witches and wizards. It does not exist. A
tale told to frighten the gullible.
Hermione's hand was back in the air.
Sir - what exactly do you mean by the `horror within' the
Chamber?
That is believed to be some sort of monster, which the Heir of
Slytherin alone can control, said Professor Binns in his dry, reedy
voice.
The class exchanged nervous looks.
I tell you, the thing does not exist, said Professor Binns, shuffling his
notes. There is no Chamber and no monster.
But, sir, said Seamus Finnigan, if the Chamber can only be opened
by Slytherin's true heir, no one else would be able to find it, would
they?
Nonsense, O'Flaherty, said Professor Binns in an aggravated
*151*
tone. If a long succession of Hogwarts headmasters and
headmistresses haven't found the thing -
But, Professor, piped up Parvati Patil, you'd probably have to use
Dark Magic to open it -
Just because a wizard doesn't use Dark Magic doesn't mean he
can't, Miss Pennyfeather, snapped Professor Binns. I repeat, if the
likes of Dumbledore -
But maybe you've got to be related to Slytherin, so Dumbledore
couldn't - began Dean Thomas, but Professor Binns had had
enough.
That will do, he said sharply. It is a myth! It does not exist! There
is not a shred of evidence that Slytherin ever built so much as a
secret broom cupboard! I regret telling you such a foolish story! We
will return, if you please, to history, to solid, believable, verifiable
fact!
And within five minutes, the class had sunk back into its usual torpor.
I always knew Salazar Slytherin was a twisted old loony, Ron told
Harry and Hermione as they fought their way through the teeming
corridors at the end of the lesson to drop off their bags before
dinner. But I never knew he started all this pure-blood stuff. I
wouldn't be in his house if you paid me. Honestly, if the Sorting Hat
had tried to put me in Slytherin, I'd've got the train straight back
home ......
Hermione nodded fervently, but Harry didn't say anything. His
stomach had just dropped unpleasantly.
Harry had never told Ron and Hermione that the Sorting Hat
*152*
had seriously considered putting him in Slytherin. He could remember,
as though it were yesterday, the small voice that had spoken in his ear
when he'd placed the hat on his head a year before: You could be great,
you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin would help you on the
way to greatness, no doubt about that...
But Harry, who had already heard of Slytherin House's reputa
tion for turning out Dark wizards, had thought desperately, Not
Slytherin! and the hat had said, Oh, well, if you're sure ... better be
Gryffindor...
As they were shunted along in the throng, Colin Creevy went past.
Hiya, Harry!
Hullo, Colin, said Harry automatically.
Harry - Harry - a boy in my class has been saying you're
But Colin was so small he couldn~t fight against the tide of people
bearing him toward the Great Hall; they heard him squeak, See you,
Harry! and he was gone.
What's a boy in his class saying about you? Hermione wondered.
That I'm Slytherin's heir, I expect, said Harry, his stomach dropping
another inch or so as he suddenly remembered the way Justin Finch-
Fletchley had run away from him at lunchtime.
People here'll believe anything, said Ron in disgust.
The crowd thinned and they were able to climb the next staircase
without difficulty.
D'you really think there's a Chamber of Secrets? Ron asked
Hermione.
I don't know, she said, frowning. Dumbledore couldn't cure
* 1,5 % *
Mrs. Norris, and that makes me think that whatever attacked her
might not be - well - human.
As she spoke, they turned a corner and found themselves at the end
of the very corridor where the attack had happened. They stopped
and looked. The scene was just as it had been that night, except that
there was no stiff cat hanging from the torch bracket, and an empty
chair stood against the wall bearing the message The Chamber of
Secrets has been Opened.
That's where Filch has been keeping guard, Ron muttered.
They looked at each other. The corridor was deserted.
Can't hurt to have a poke around, said Harry, dropping his bag and
getting to his hands and knees so that he could crawl along, searching
for clues.
Scorch marks! he said. Here - and here -
Come and look at this! said Hermione. This is funny . . . .
Harry got up and crossed to the window next to the message on the
wall. Hermione was pointing at the topmost pane, where around
twenty spiders were scuttling, apparently fighting to get through a
small crack. A long, silvery thread was dangling like a rope, as though
they had all climbed it in their hurry to get outside.
Have you ever seen spiders act like that? said Hermione
wonderingly.
No, said Harry, have you, Ron? Ron?
He looked over his shoulder. Ron was standing well back and seemed
to be fighting the impulse to run.
What's up? said Harry.
I - don't - like - spiders, said Ron tensely.
I never knew that, said Hermione, looking at Ron in surprise.
You've used spiders in Potions loads of times ......
*154*
I don't mind them dead, said Ron, who was carefully looking
anywhere but at the window. I just don't like the way they move ....
Hermione giggled.
It's not funny, said Ron, fiercely. If you must know, when I was
three, Fred turned my - my teddy bear into a great big fiIthy spider
because I broke his toy broomstick .... You wouldn't like them either if
you'd been holding your bear and suddenly it had too many legs and. .
. 
He broke off, shuddering. Hermione was obviously still trying not to
laugh. Feeling they had better get off the subject, Harry said,
Remember all that water on the floor? Where did that come from?
Someone's mopped it up.
It was about here, said Ron, recovering himself to walk a few paces
past Filch's chair and pointing. Level with this door.
He reached for the brass doorknob but suddenly withdrew his hand as
though he'd been burned.
What's the matter? said Harry.
Can't go in there, said Ron gruffly. That's a girls' toilet.
Oh, Ron, there won't be anyone in there, said Hermione, standing up
and coming over. That's Moaning Myrtle's place. Come on, let's have
a look.
And ignoring the large OUT of ORDER sign, she opened the door.
It was the gloomiest, most depressing bathroom Harry had ever set
foot in. Under a large, cracked, and spotted mirror were a row of
chipped sinks. The floor was damp and reflected the dull light given
off by the stubs of a few candles, burning low in their holders; the
wooden doors to the stalls were flaking and scratched and one of
them was dangling off its hinges.
* -L 5,5
Hermione put her fingers to her lips and set off toward the end stall.
When she reached it she said, Hello, Myrtle, how are you?
Harry and Ron went to look. Moaning Myrtle was floating above the
tank of the toilet, picking a spot on her chin.
This is a girls' bathroom, she said, eyeing Ron and Harry suspiciously.
They're not girls.
No, Hermione agreed. I just wanted to show them how er - nice it is
in here.
She waved vaguely at the dirty old mirror and the damp floor.
Ask her if she saw anything, Harry mouthed at Hermione.
What are you whispering? said Myrtle, staring at him.
Nothing, said Harry quickly. We wanted to ask -
I wish people would stop talking behind my back! said Myrtle, in a
voice choked with tears. I do have feelings, you know, even if I am
dead -
Myrtle, no one wants to upset you, said Hermione. Harry only -
No one wants to upset me! That's a good one! howled Myrtle. My
life was nothing but misery at this place and now people come along
ruining my death!
We wanted to ask you if you've seen anything funny lately, said
Hermione quickly. Because a cat was attacked right outside your
front door on Halloween.
Did you see anyone near here that night? said Harry.
I wasn't paying attention, said Myrtle dramatically. Peeves upset me
so much I came in here and tried to kill myself Then, of course, I
remembered that I'm - that I'm 
Already dead, said Ron helpfully.
* IL 56*
Myrtle gave a tragic sob, rose up in the air, turned over, and dived
headfirst into the toilet, splashing water all over them and vanishing
from sight, although from the direction of her muffled sobs, she had
come to rest somewhere in the U-bend.
Harry and Ron stood with their mouths open, but Hermione shrugged
wearily and said, Honestly, that was almost cheerful for Myrtle ....
Come on, let's go.
Harry had barely closed the door on Myrtle's gurgling sobs when a
loud voice made all three of them jump.
RON!
Percy Weasley had stopped dead at the head of the stairs, prefect
badge agleam, an expression of complete shock on his face.
That's a girls' bathroom! he gasped. What were you -?
Just having a look around, Ron shrugged. Clues, you know -
Percy swelled in a manner that reminded Harry forcefully of Mrs.
Weasley.
Get - away - from - there - Perry said, striding toward them and
starting to bustle them along, flapping his arms. Don't you care what
this looks like? Coming back here while everyone's at dinner -
Why shouldn't we be here? said Ron hotly, stopping short and glaring
at Percy. Listen, we never laid a finger on that cat!
That's what I told Ginny, said Percy fiercely, but she still seems to
think you're going to be expelled, I've never seen her so upset, crying
her eyes out, you might think of her, all the first years are thoroughly
overexcited by this business -
You don't care about Ginny, said Ron, whose ears were now
*157*
reddening. You're just worried I'm going to mess up your chances of
being Head Boy -
Five points from Gryffindor! Percy said tersely, fingering his prefect
badge. And I hope it teaches you a lesson! No more detective work, or
I'll write to Mum!
And he strode off, the back of his neck as red as Ron's ears.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione chose seats as far as possible from Percy
in the common room that night. Ron was still in a very bad temper and
kept blotting his Charms homework. When he reached absently for his
wand to remove the smudges, it ignited the parchment. Fuming almost
as much as his homework, Ron slammed The Standard Book of Spells,
Grade 2 shut. To Harry's surprise, Hermione followed suit.
Who can it be, though? she said in a quiet voice, as though
continuing a conversation they had just been having. Who'd want to
frighten all the Squibs and Muggle-borns out of Hogwarts?
Let's think, said Ron in mock puzzlement. Who do we know who
thinks Muggle-borns are scum?
He looked at Hermione. Hermione looked back, unconvinced.
If you're talking about Malfoy -
Of course I am! said Ron. You heard him - `You'll be next,
Mudbloods!'- come on, you've only got to look at his foul rat face to
know it's him -
Malfoy, the Heir of Slytherin? said Hermione skeptically.
Look at his family, said Harry, closing his books, too. The whole lot
of them have been in Slytherin; he's always boasting about it. They
could easily be Slytherin's descendants. His father's definitely evil
enough.
*158*
They couldve had the key to the Chamber of Secrets for centuries!
said Ron. Handing it down, father to son ......
Well, said Hermione cautiously, I suppose it's possible ......
But how do we prove it? said Harry darkly.
There might be a way, said Hermione slowly, dropping her voice still
further with a quick glance across the room at Percy. Of course, it
would be difficult. And dangerous, very dangerous. We'd be breaking
about fifty school rules, I expect -
If, in a month or so, you feel like explaining, you will let us know,
won't you? said Ron irritably.
All right, said Hermione coldly. What we'd need to do is to get
inside the Slytherin common room and ask Malfoy a few questions
without him realizing it's us.
But that's impossible, Harry said as Ron laughed.
No, it's not, said Hermione. All we'd need would be some Polyjuice
Potion.
What's that? said Ron and Harry together.
Snape mentioned it in class a few weeks ago -
D'you think we've got nothing better to do in Potions than listen to
Snape? muttered Ron.
It transforms you into somebody else. Think about it! We could
change into three of the Slytherins. No one would know it was us.
Malfoy would probably tell us anything. He's probably boasting about it
in the Slytherin common room right now, if only we could hear him.
This Polyjuice stuff sounds a bit dodgy to me, said Ron, frowning.
What if we were stuck looking like three of the Slytherins forever?
It wears off after a while, said Hermione, waving her hand
*159*
impatiently. But getting hold of the recipe will be very difficult.
Snape said it was in a book called Moste Potente Potions and it's
bound to be in the Restricted Section of the library.
There was only one way to get out a book from the Restricted
Section: You needed a signed note of permission from a teacher.
Hard to see why we'd want the book, really, said Ron, if we
weren't going to try and make one of the potions.
I think, said Hermione, that if we made it sound as though
we were just interested in the theory, we might stand a chance ......
Oh, come on, no teacher's going to fall for that, said Ron.
They'd have to be really thick . . . .
C H-H A P T V It 
THE ROGUE BLUDGER
ince the disastrous episode of the pixies, Professor Lockhart had not
brought live creatures to class. Instead, he read passages from his
books to them, and sometimes reenacted some of the more dramatic
bits. He usually picked Harry to help him with these reconstructions;
so far, Harry had been forced to play a simple Transylvanian villager
whom Lockhart had cured of a Babbling Curse, a yeti with a head
cold, and a vampire who had been unable to eat anything except
lettuce since Lockhart had dealt with him.
Harry was hauled to the front of the class during their very next
Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson, this time acting a werewolf If
he hadn't had a very good reason for keeping Lockhart in a good
mood, he would have refused to do it.
Nice loud howl, Harry - exactly - and then, if you'll believe it, I
pounced - like this - slammed him to the floor - thus with one hand, I
managed to hold him down - with my other, I
*161*
put my wand to his throat -I then screwed up my remaining strength
and performed the immensely complex Homorphus Charm - he let
out a piteous moan - go on, Harry - higher than that - good - the fur
vanished - the fangs shrank - and he turned back into a man. Simple,
yet effective - and another village will remember me forever as the
hero who delivered them from the monthly terror of werewolf
attacks.
The bell rang and Lockhart got to his feet.
Homework - compose a poem about my defeat of the Wagga
Wagga Werewolf! Signed copies of Magical Me to the author of the
best one!
The class began to leave. Harry returned to the back of the room,
where Ron and Hermione were waiting.
Ready? Harry muttered.
Wait till everyone's gone, said Hermione nervously. All right . . . 
She approached Lockhart's desk, a piece of paper clutched tightly in
her hand, Harry and Ron right behind her.
Er - Professor Lockhart? Hermione stammered. I wanted to - to
get this book out of the library. Just for background reading. She
held out the piece of paper, her hand shaking slightly. But the thing
is, it's in the Restricted Section of the library, so I need a teacher to
sign for it - I'm sure it would help me understand what you say in
Gadding with Ghouls about slow-acting venoms
Ah, Gadding with Ghouls! said Lockhart, taking the note from
Hermione and smiling widely at her. Possibly my very favorite
book. You enjoyed it?
Oh, yes, said Hermione eagerly. So clever, the way you trapped that
last one with the tea-strainer -
Well, I'm sure no one will mind me giving the best student of the year
a little extra help, said Lockhart warmly, and he pulled out an
enormous peacock quill. Yes, nice, isn't it? he said, misreading the
revolted look on Ron's face. I usually save it for book-signings.
He scrawled an enormous loopy signature on the note and handed it
back to Hermione.
So, Harry, said Lockhart, while Hermione folded the note with
fumbling fingers and slipped it into her bag. Tomorrow's the first
Quidditch match of the season, I believe? Gryffindor against Slytherin,
is it not? I hear you're a useful player. I was a Seeker, too. I was
asked to try for the National Squad, but preferred to dedicate my life
to the eradication of the Dark Forces. Still, if ever you feel the need
for a little private training, don't hesitate to ask. Always happy to pass
on my expertise to less able players ......
Harry made an indistinct noise in his throat and then hurried off after
Ron and Hermione.
I don't believe it, he said as the three of them examined the signature
on the note. He didn't even look at the book we wanted.
That's because he's a brainless git, said Ron. But who cares, we've
got what we needed -
He is not a brainless git, said Hermione shrilly as they half ran
toward the library.
Just because he said you were the best student of the year -
They dropped their voices as they entered the muffled stillness of the
library. Madam Pince, the librarian, was a thin, irritable woman who
looked like an underfed vulture.
*163*
Moste Potente Potions? she repeated suspiciously, trying to take the
note from Hermione; but Hermione wouldn't let go.
I was wondering if I could keep it, she said breathlessly.
Oh, come on, said Ron, wrenching it from her grasp and thrusting it
at Madam Pince. We'll get you another autograph. Lockhart'll sign
anything if it stands still long enough.
Madam Pince held the note up to the light, as though determined to
detect a forgery, but it passed the test. She stalked away between the
lofty shelves and returned several minutes later carrying a large and
moldy-looking book. Hermione put it carefully into her bag and they
left, trying not to walk too quickly or look too guilty.
Five minutes later, they were barricaded in Moaning Myrtle's out-of-
order bathroom once again. Hermione had overridden Ron's objections
by pointing out that it was the last place anyone in their right minds
would go, so they were guaranteed some privacy. Moaning Myrtle
was crying noisily in her stall, but they were ignoring her, and she
them.
Hermione opened Moste Potente Potions carefully, and the three of
them bent over the damp-spotted pages. It was clear from a glance
why it belonged in the Restricted Section. Some of the potions had
effects almost too gruesome to think about, and there were some very
unpleasant illustrations, which included a man who seemed to have
been turned inside out and a witch sprouting several extra pairs of
arms out of her head.
Here it is, said Hermione excitedly as she found the page headed The
Polyjuice Potion. It was decorated with drawings of people halfway
through transforming into other people. Harry sin
*164*
cerely hoped the artist had imagined the looks of intense pain on their
faces.
This is the most complicated potion I've ever seen, said Hermione as
they scanned the recipe. Lacewing flies, leeches, fluxweed, and
knotgrass, she murmured, running her finger down the list of
ingredients. Well, they're easy enough, they're in the student store-
cupboard, we can help ourselves .... Oooh, look, powdered horn of a
bicorn - don't know where we're going to get that - shredded skin of a
boomslang -. that'll be tricky, too and of course a bit of whoever we
want to change into.
Excuse me? said Ron sharply. What d'you mean, a bit of whoever
we're changing into? I'm drinking nothing with Crabbe's toenails in it -
Hermione continued as though she hadn't heard him.
We don't have to worry about that yet, though, because we add those
bits last ......
Ron turned, speechless, to Harry, who had another worry.
D'you realize how much we're going to have to steal, Hermione?
Shredded skin of a boomslang, that's definitely not in the students'
cupboard. What're we going to do, break into Snape's private stores? I
don't know if this is a good idea ......
Hermione shut the book with a snap.
Well, if you two are going to chicken out, fine, she said. There were
bright pink patches on her cheeks and her eyes were brighter than
usual. I don't want to break rules, you know. I think threatening
Muggle-borns is far worse than brewing up a difficult potion. But if
you don't want to find out if it's Malfoy, I'll go straight to Madam Pince
now and hand the book back in ='
*165
I never thought Id see the day when you'd be persuading us to
break rules, said Ron. All right, we'll do it. But not toenails, okay?
How long will it take to make, anyway? said Harry as Hermione,
looking happier, opened the book again.
Well, since the fluxweed has got to be picked at the full moon and
the lacewings have got to be stewed for twenty-one days ... I'd say
it'd be ready in about a month, if we can get all the ingredients.
A month? said Ron. Malfoy could have attacked half the Muggle-
borns in the school by then! But Hermione's eyes narrowed
dangerously again, and he added swiftly, But it's the best plan we've
got, so full steam ahead, I say.
However, while Hermione was checking that the coast was clear for
them to leave the bathroom, Ron muttered to Harry, It'll be a lot less
hassle if you can just knock Malfoy off his broom tomorrow.
Harry woke early on Saturday morning and lay for a while thinking
about the coming Quidditch match. He was nervous, mainly at the
thought of what Wood would say if Gryffindor lost, but also at the
idea of facing a team mounted on the fastest racing brooms gold
could buy. He had never wanted to beat Slytherin so badly. After
half an hour of lying there with his insides churning, he got up,
dressed, and went down to breakfast early, where he found the rest
of the Gryffindor team huddled at the long, empty table, all looking
uptight and not speaking much.
As eleven o'clock approached, the whole school started to make its
way down to the Quidditch stadium. It was a muggy sort of day
*166*
with a hint of thunder in the air. Ron and Hermione came hurrying
over to wish Harry good luck as he entered the locker rooms. The
team pulled on their scarlet Gryffindor robes, then sat down to listen to
Wood's usual pre-match pep talk.
Slytherin has better brooms than us, he began. No point denying it.
But we've got better people on our brooms. We've trained harder than
they have, we've been flying in all weathers - (Too true, muttered
George Weasley. I haven't been properly dry since August) - and
we're going to make them rue the day they let that little bit of slime,
Malfoy, buy his way onto their team.
Chest heaving with emotion, Wood turned to Harry.
It'll be down to you, Harry, to show them that a Seeker has to have
something more than a rich father. Get to that Snitch before Malfoy or
die trying, Harry, because we've got to win today, we've got to.
So no pressure, Harry said Fred, winking at him.
As they walked out onto the pitch, a roar of noise greeted them; mainly
cheers, because Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were anxious to see
Slytherin beaten, but the Slytherins in the crowd made their boos and
hisses heard, too. Madam Hooch, the Quidditch teacher, asked Flint
and Wood to shake hands, which they did, giving each other
threatening stares and gripping rather harder than was necessary.
On my whistle, said Madam Hooch. Three ... two ... one. . .
With a roar from the crowd to speed them upward, the fourteen
players rose toward the leaden sky. Harry flew higher than any of
them, squinting around for the Snitch.
*167*
All right there, Scarhead? yelled Malfoy, shooting underneath him as
though to show off the speed of his broom.
Harry had no time to reply. At that very moment, a heavy black
Bludger came pelting toward him; he avoided it so narrowly that he
felt it ruffle his hair as it passed.
Close one, Harry! said George, streaking past him with his club in his
hand, ready to knock the Bludger back toward a Slytherin. Harry saw
George give the Bludger a powerful whack in the direction of Adrian
Pucey, but the Bludger changed direction in midair and shot straight
for Harry again.
Harry dropped quickly to avoid it, and George managed to hit it hard
toward Malfoy. Once again, the Bludger swerved like a boomerang
and shot at Harry's head.
Harry put on a burst of speed and zoomed toward the other end of the
pitch. He could hear the Bludger whistling along behind him. What
was going on? Bludgers never concentrated on one player like this; it
was their job to try and unseat as many people as possible ....
Fred Weasley was waiting for the Bludger at the other end. Harry
ducked as Fred swung at the Bludger with all his might; the Bludger
was knocked off course.
Gotcha! Fred yelled happily, but he was wrong; as though it was
magnetically attracted to Harry, the Bludger pelted after him once
more and Harry was forced to fly off at full speed.
It had started to rain; Harry felt heavy drops fall onto his face,
splattering onto his glasses. He didn't have a clue what was going on
in the rest of the game until he heard Lee Jordan, who was
commentating, say, Slytherin lead, sixty points to zero ='
*168*
The Slytherins' superior brooms were clearly doing their jobs, and
meanwhile the mad Bludger was doing all it could to knock Harry
out of the air. Fred and George were now flying so close to him on
either side that Harry could see nothing at all except their flailing arms
and had no chance to look for the Snitch, let alone catch it.
Someone's - tampered - with - this - Bludger - Fred grunted,
swinging his bat with all his might at it as it launched a new attack on
Harry.
We need time out, said George, trying to signal to Wood and stop
the Bludger breaking Harry's nose at the same time.
Wood had obviously got the message. Madam Hooch's whistle rang
out and Harry, Fred, and George dived for the ground, still trying to
avoid the mad Bludger.
What's going on? said Wood as the Gryffindor team huddled
together, while Slytherins in the crowd jeered. We're being
flattened. Fred, George, where were you when that Bludger stopped
Angelina scoring?
We were twenty feet above her, stopping the other Bludger from
murdering Harry, Oliver, said George angrily. Someone's fixed it -
it won't leave Harry alone. It hasn't gone for anyone else all game.
The Slytherins must have done something to it.
But the Bludgers have been locked in Madam Hooch's office since
our last practice, and there was nothing wrong with them then . . . . 
said Wood, anxiously.
Madam Hooch was walking toward them. Over her shoulder, Harry
could see the Slytherin team jeering and pointing in his direction.
Listen, said Harry as she came nearer and nearer, with you two
flying around me all the time the only way I'm going to catch the
Snitch is if it flies up my sleeve. Go back to the rest of the team and
let me deal with the rogue one.
Don't be thick, said Fred. It'll take your head off.
Wood was looking from Harry to the Weasleys.
(I Oliver, this is insane, said Alicia Spinner angrily. You can't let Harry
deal with that thing on his own. Let's ask for an inquiry -))
If we stop now, we'll have to forfeit the match! said Harry. And
we're not losing to Slytherin just because of a crazy Bludger! Come
on, Oliver, tell them to leave me alone!
This is all your fault, George said angrily to Wood. `Get the Snitch
or die trying,' what a stupid thing to tell him -
Madam Hooch had joined them.
Ready to resume play? she asked Wood.
Wood looked at the determined look on Harry's face.
All right, he said. Fred, George, you heard Harry -leave him alone
and let him deal with the Bludger on his own.
The rain was falling more heavily now. On Madam Hooch's whistle,
Harry kicked hard into the air and heard the telltale whoosh of the
Bludger behind him. Higher and higher Harry climbed; he looped and
swooped, spiraled, zigzagged, and rolled. Slightly dizzy, he nevertheless
kept his eyes wide open, rain was speckling his glasses and ran up his
nostrils as he hung upside down, avoiding another fierce dive from the
Bludger. He could hear laughter from the crowd; he knew he must
look very stupid, but the rogue Bludger was heavy and couldn't change
direction as quickly as Harry could; he began a kind of roller-coaster
ride around the
*170*
edges of the stadium, squinting through the silver sheets of rain to the
Gryffindor goal posts, where Adrian Pucey was trying to get past
Wood
A whistling in Harry's ear told him the Bludger had just missed him
again; he turned right over and sped in the opposite direction.
Training for the ballet, Potter? yelled Malfoy as Harry was forced to
do a stupid kind of twirl in midair to dodge the Bludger, and he fled, the
Bludger trailing a few feet behind him; and then, glaring back at
Malfoy in hatred, he saw it - the Golden Snitch. It was hovering inches
above Malfoy's left ear - and Malfoy, busy laughing at Harry, hadn't
seen it.
For an agonizing moment, Harry hung in midair, not daring to speed
toward Malfoy in case he looked up and saw the Snitch.
WHAM.
He had stayed still a second too long. The Bludger had hit him at last,
smashed into his elbow, and Harry felt his arm break. Dimly, dazed by
the searing pain in his arm, he slid sideways on his rain-drenched
broom, one knee still crooked over it, his right arm dangling useless at
his side - the Bludger came pelting back for a second attack, this time
W-ming at his face - Harry swerved out of the way, one idea firmly
lodged in his numb brain: get to Malfoy.
Through a haze of rain and pain he dived for the shimmering, sneering
face below him and saw its eyes widen with fear: Malfoy thought
Harry was attacking him.
What the - he gasped, careening out of Harry's way.
Harry took his remaining hand off his broom and made a wild snatch;
he felt his fingers close on the cold Snitch but was now only
*171*
gripping the broom with his legs, and there was a yell from the crowd
below as he headed straight for the ground, trying hard not to pass
out.
With a splattering thud he hit the mud and rolled off his broom. His
arm was hanging at a very strange angle; riddled with pain, he heard,
as though from a distance, a good deal of whistling and shouting. He
focused on the Snitch clutched in his good hand.
Aha, he said vaguely. We've won.
And he fainted.
He came around, rain falling on his face, still lying on the field, with
someone leaning over him. He saw a glitter of teeth.
Oh, no, not you, he moaned.
Doesn't know what he's saying, said Lockhart loudly to the anxious
crowd of Gryffindors pressing around them. Not to worry, Harry.
I'm about to fix your arm.
No!said Harry. I'll keep it like this, thanks ......
He tried to sit up, but the pain was terrible. He heard a familiar
clicking noise nearby.
I don't want a photo of this, Colin, he said loudly.
Lie back, Harry, said Lockhart soothingly. It's a simple charm I've
used countless times -
Why can't I just go to the hospital wing? said Harry through
clenched teeth.
He should really, Professor, said a muddy Wood, who couldn't
help grinning even though his Seeker was injured. Great capture,
Harry, really spectacular, your best yet, Id say -
Through the thicket of legs around him, Harry spotted Fred and
*112*
George Weasley, wrestling the rogue Bludger into a box. It was still
putting up a terrific fight.
Stand back, said Lockhart, who was rolling up his jade-green
sleeves.
No - don't - said Harry weakly, but Lockhart was twirling his wand
and a second later had directed it straight at Harry's arm.
A strange and unpleasant sensation started at Harry's shoulder and
spread all the way down to his fingertips. It felt as though his arm was
being deflated. He didn't dare look at what was happening. He had
shut his eyes, his face turned away from his arm, but his worst fears
were realized as the people above him gasped and Colin Creevey
began clicking away madly. His arm didn't hurt anymore - nor did it
feel remotely like an arm.
Ah, said Lockhart. Yes. Well, that can sometimes happen. But the
point is, the bones are no longer broken. That's the thing to bear in
mind. So, Harry, just toddle up to the hospital wing - ah, Mr. Weasley,
Miss Granger, would you escort him? - and Madam Pomfrey will be
able to - er - tidy you up a bit.
As Harry got to his feet, he felt strangely lopsided. Taking a deep
breath he looked down at his right side. What he saw nearly made him
pass out again.
Poking out of the end of his robes was what looked like a thick, flesh-
colored rubber glove. He tried to move his fingers. Nothing happened.
Lockhart hadn't mended Harry's bones. He had removed them.
Madam Pomfrey wasn't at all pleased.
You should have come straight to me! she raged, holding up
*173*
the sad, limp remainder of what, half an hour before, had been a
working arm. I can mend bones in a second - but growing them back -
You will be able to, won't you? said Harry desperately.
I'll be able to, certainly, but it will be painful, said Madam Pomfrey
grimly, throwing Harry a pair of pajamas. You'll have to stay the
night ......
Hermione waited outside the curtain drawn around Harry's bed while
Ron helped him into his pajamas. It took a while to stuff the rubbery,
boneless arm into a sleeve.
How can you stick up for Lockhart now, Hermione, eh? Ron called
through the curtain as he pulled Harry's limp fingers through the cuff.
If Harry had wanted deboning he would have asked.
Anyone can make a mistake, said Hermione. And it doesn't hurt
anymore, does it, Harry?
No, said Harry, getting into bed. But it doesn't do anything else
either.
As he swung himself onto the bed, his arm flapped pointlessly.
Hermione and Madam Pomfrey came around the curtain. Madam
Pomfrey was holding a large bottle of something labeled Skele-Gro.
You're in for a rough night, she said, pouring out a steaming
beakerful and handing it to him. Regrowing bones is a nasty business.
So was taking the Skele-Gro. It burned Harry's mouth and throat as it
went down, making him cough and splutter. Still tut-tutting about
dangerous sports and inept teachers, Madam Pomfrey re
*114*
treated, leaving Ron and Hermione to help Harry gulp down some
water.
We won, though, said Ron, a grin breaking across his face.
That was some catch you made. Malfoy's face ... he looked ready
to kill ......
I want to know how he fixed that Bludger, said Hermione
darkly.
We can add that to the list of questions we'll ask him when
we've taken the Polyjuice Potion, said Harry, sinking back onto
his pillows. I hope it tastes better than this stuff .....
If it's got bits of Slytherins in it? You've got to be joking, said
Ron.
The door of the hospital wing burst open at that moment. Filthy
and soaking wet, the rest of the Gryffindor team had arrived to see
Harry.
Unbelievable flying, Harry, said George. I've just seen Mar
cus Flint yelling at Malfoy. Something about having the Snitch on
top of his head and not noticing. Malfoy didn't seem too happy.
They had brought cakes, sweets, and bottles of pumpkin juice;
they gathered around Harry's bed and were just getting started on
what promised to be a good party when Madam Pomfrey came
storming over, shouting, This boy needs rest, he's got thirty-three
bones to regrow! Out! OUT!
And Harry was left alone, with nothing to distract him from the
stabbing pains in his limp arm.
Hours and hours later, Harry woke quite suddenly in the pitch
blackness and gave a small yelp of pain: His arm now felt full of
large splinters. For a second, he thought that was what had woken
him. Then, with a thrill of horror, he realized that someone was
sponging his forehead in the dark.
Get off! he said loudly, and then, Dobby!
The house-elf's goggling tennis ball eyes were peering at Harry
through the darkness. A single tear was running down his long,
pointed nose.
Harry Potter came back to school, he whispered miserably.
Dobby warned and warned Harry Potter. Ah sir, why didn't you
heed Dobby? Why didn't Harry Potter go back home when he
missed the train?
Harry heaved himself up on his pillows and pushed Dobby's sponge
away.
What're you doing here? he said. And how did you know I missed
the train?
Dobby's lip trembled and Harry was seized by a sudden suspicion.
It was you! he said slowly. You stopped the barrier from letting us
through!
Indeed yes, sir, said Dobby, nodding his head vigorously, ears
flapping. Dobby hid and watched for Harry Potter and sealed the
gateway and Dobby had to iron his hands afterward - he showed
Harry ten long, bandaged fingers - but Dobby didn't care, sir, for he
thought Harry Potter was safe, and never did Dobby dream that Harry
Potter would get to school another way!
He was rocking backward and forward, shaking his ugly head.
Dobby was 'so shocked when he heard Harry Potter was back at
Hogwarts, he let his master's dinner burn! Such a flogging Dobby
never had, sir . .....
*176*
Harry slumped back onto his pillows.
You nearly got Ron and me expelled, he said fiercely. You'd better
get lost before my bones come back, Dobby, or I might strangle you.
Dobby smiled weakly.
Dobby is used to death threats, sir. Dobby gets them five times a day
at home.
He blew his nose on a corner of the filthy pillowcase he wore, looking
so pathetic that Harry felt his anger ebb away in spite of himself.
Why d'you wear that thing, Dobby? he asked curiously.
This, sir? said Dobby, plucking at the pillowcase. 'Tis a mark of the
house-elf's enslavement, sir. Dobby can only be freed if his masters
present him with clothes, sir. The family is careful not to pass Dobby
even a sock, sir, for then he would be free to leave their house
forever.
Dobby mopped his bulging eyes and said suddenly, Harry Potter must
go home! Dobby thought his Bludger would be enough to make -
Your Bludger? said Harry, anger rising once more. What d'you
mean, your Bludger? You made that Bludger try and kill me?
Not kill you, sir, never kill you! said Dobby, shocked. Dobby wants
to save Harry Potter's life! Better sent home, grievously injured, than
remain here sir! Dobby only wanted Harry Potter hurt enough to be
sent home!
Oh, is that all? said Harry angrily. I don't suppose you're going to
tell me why you wanted me sent home in pieces?
Ah, if Harry Potter only knew! Dobby groaned, more tears dripping
onto his ragged pillowcase. If he knew what he means
*177*
to us, to the lowly, the enslaved, we dregs of the magical world!
Dobby remembers how it was when He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named
was at the height of his powers, sir! We house-elfs were treated like
vermin, sir! Of course, Dobby is still treated like that, sir, he admitted,
drying his face on the pillowcase. But mostly, sir, life has improved
for my kind since you triumphed over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.
Harry Potter survived, and the Dark Lord's power was broken, and it
was a new dawn, sir, and Harry Potter shone like a beacon of hope
for those of us who thought the Dark days would never end, sit... And
now, at Hogwarts, terrible things are to happen, are perhaps happening
already, and Dobby cannot let Harry Potter stay here now that history
is to repeat itself, now that the Chamber of Secrets is open once more
Dobby froze, horrorstruck, then grabbed Harry's water jug from his
bedside table and cracked it over his own head, toppling out of sight. A
second later, he crawled back onto the bed, cross-eyed, muttering,
Bad Dobby, very bad Dobby. . .
So there is a Chamber of Secrets? Harry whispered. And did you
say it's been opened before? Tell me, Dobby!
He seized the elf's bony wrist as Dobby's hand inched toward the
water jug. But I'm not Muggle-born - how can I be in danger from the
Chamber?
Ah, sir, ask no more, ask no more of poor Dobby, stammered the elf,
his eyes huge in the dark. Dark deeds are planned in this place, but
Harry Potter must not be here when they happen - go home, Harry
Potter, go home. Harry Potter must not meddle in this, sir, 'tis too
dangerous -
Who is it, Dobby? Harry said, keeping a firm hold on Dobby's
*178*
wrist to stop him from hitting himself with the water jug again. Who's
opened it? Who opened it last time?
Dobby can't, sir, Dobby can't, Dobby mustn't tell! squealed the elf.
Go home, Harry Potter, go home!
I'm not going anywhere! said Harry fiercely. One of my best
friends is Muggle-born; she'll be first in line if the Chamber really has
been opened -
Harry Potter risks his own life for his friends! moaned Dobby in a
kind of miserable ecstasy. So noble! So valiant! But he must save
himself, he must, Harry Potter must not -
Dobby suddenly froze, his bat ears quivering. Harry heard it, too.
There were footsteps coming down the passageway outside.
Dobby must go! breathed the elf, terrified. There was a loud crack,
and Harry's fist was suddenly clenched on thin air. He slumped back
into bed, his eyes on the dark doorway to the hospital wing as the
footsteps drew nearer.
Next moment, Dumbledore was backing into the dormitory, wearing a
long woolly dressing gown and a nightcap. He was carrying one end
of what looked like a statue. Professor McGonagall appeared a
second later, carrying its feet. Together, they heaved it onto a bed.
Get Madam Pomfrey, whispered Dumbledore, and Professor
McGonagall hurried past the end of Harry's bed out of sight. Harry lay
quite still, pretending to be asleep. He heard urgent voices, and then
Professor McGonagall swept back into view, closely followed by
Madam Pomfrey, who was pulling a cardigan on over her nightdress.
He heard a sharp intake of breath.
What happened? Madam Pomfrey whispered to Dumbledore,
bending over the statue on the bed.
*l79*
Another attack, said Dumbledore. Minerva found him on the stairs.
There was a bunch of grapes next to him, said Professor
McGonagall. We think he was trying to sneak up here to visit Potter.
Harry's stomach gave a horrible lurch. Slowly and carefully, he raised
himself a few inches so he could look at the statue on the bed. A ray
of moonlight lay across its staring face.
It was Colin Creevey. His eyes were wide and his hands were stuck
up in front of him, holding his camera.
Petrified? whispered Madam Pomfrey.
Yes, said Professor McGonagall. But I shudder to think ... If Albus
hadn't been on the way downstairs for hot chocolate - who knows
what might have -
The three of them stared down at Colin. Then Dumbledore leaned
forward and wrenched the camera out of Colin's rigid grip.
You don't think he managed to get a picture of his attacker? said
Professor McGonagall eagerly.
Dumbledore didn't answer. He opened the back of the camera.
Good gracious! said Madam Pomfrey.
A jet of steam had hissed out of the camera. Harry, three beds away,
caught the acrid smell of burnt plastic.
Melted, said Madam Pomfrey wonderingly. All melted...
What does this mean, Albus? Professor McGonagall asked
urgently.
It means, said Dumbledore, that the Chamber of Secrets is indeed
open again.
Madam Pomfrey clapped a hand to her mouth. Professor McGonagall
stared at Dumbledore.
*180*
But, Albus ... surely ... who?
The question is not who, said Dumbledore, his eyes on Colin.
The question is, how . . . .
And from what Harry could see of Professor McGonagall's shad
owy face, she didn't understand this any better than he did.
C H-H A P T t R ELEVEN
THE D-KJEL]ING C-L-IJIB
Harry woke up on Sunday morning to find the dormitory blazing with
winter sunlight and his arm reboned but very stiff. He sat up quickly
and looked over at Colin's bed, but it had been blocked from view by
the high curtains Harry had changed behind yesterday. Seeing that he
was awake, Madam Pomfrey came bustling over with a breakfast tray
and then began bending and stretching his arm and fingers.
All in order, she said as he clumsily fed himself porridge lefthanded.
When you've finished eating, you may leave.
Harry dressed as quickly as he could and hurried off to Gryffindor
Tower, desperate to tell Ron and Hermione about Colin and Dobby,
but they weren't there. Harry left to look for them, wondering where
they could have got to and feeling slightly hurt that they weren't
interested in whether he had his bones back or not.
*182*
As Harry passed the library, Percy Weasley strolled out of it,
looking in far better spirits than last time they'd met.
Oh, hello, Harry, he said. Excellent flying yesterday, really
excellent. Gryffindor has just taken the lead for the House Cup you
earned fifty points!
You haven't seen Ron or Hermione, have you? said Harry.
No, I haven't, said Percy, his smile fading. I hope Ron's not in
another girls' toilet .....
Harry forced a laugh, watched Percy walk out of sight, and then
headed straight for Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. He couldn't see why
Ron and Hermione would be in there again, but after making sure
that neither Filch nor any prefects were around, he opened the door
and heard their voices coming from a locked stall.
It's me, he said, closing the door behind him. There was a clunk, a
splash, and a gasp from within the stall and he saw Hermione's eye
peering through the keyhole.
`Harry! she said. You gave us such a fright - come in how's your
arm?
Fine, said Harry, squeezing into the stall. An old cauldron was
perched on the toilet, and a crackling from under the rim told Harry
they had lit a fire beneath it. Conjuring up portable, waterproof fires
was a speciality of Hermione's.
We'd've come to meet you, but we decided to get started on the
Polyjuice Potion, Ron explained as Harry, with difficulty, locked the
stall again. We've decided this is the safest place to hide it.
Harry started to tell them about Colin, but Hermione interrupted.
We already know - we heard Professor McGonagall telling
Professor Flitwick this morning. That's why we decided we'd better get
going -
The sooner we get a confession out of Malfoy, the better, snarled
Ron. D'you know what I think? He was in such a foul temper after
the Quidditch match, he took it out on Colin.
There's something else, said Harry, watching Hermione tearing
bundles of knotgrass and throwing them into the potion. Dobby came
to visit me in the middle of the night.
Ron and Hermione looked up, amazed. Harry told them everything
Dobby had told him - or hadn't told him. Hermione and Ron listened
with their mouths open.
The Chamber of Secrets has been opened before? Hermione said.
This settles it, said Ron in a triumphant voice. Lucius Malfoy must've
opened the Chamber when he was at school here and now he's told
dear old Draco how to do it. It's obvious. Wish Dobby'd told you what
kind of monster's in there, though. I want to know how come nobody's
noticed it sneaking around the school.
Maybe it can make itself invisible, said Hermione, prodding leeches to
the bottom of the cauldron. Or maybe it can disguise itself - pretend to
be a suit of armor or something - I've read about Chameleon Ghouls -
You read too much, Hermione, said Ron, pouring dead lacewings on
top of the leeches. He crumpled up the empty lacewing bag and looked
at Harry.
So Dobby stopped us from getting on the train and broke your
 
stop trying to save your life he's going to kill you.
*184*
The news that Colin Creevey had been attacked and was now lying
as though dead in the hospital wing had spread through the entire
school by Monday morning. The air was suddenly thick with rumor
and suspicion. The first years were now moving around the castle in
tight-knit groups, as though scared they would be attacked if they
ventured forth alone.
Ginny Weasley, who sat next to Colin Creevey in Charms, was
distraught, but Harry felt that Fred and George were going the
wrong way about cheering her up. They were taking turns covering
themselves with fur or boils and jumping out at her from behind
statues. They only stopped when Percy, apoplectic with rage, told
them he was going to write to Mrs. Weasley and tell her Ginny was
having nightmares.
Meanwhile, hidden from the teachers, a roaring trade in talismans,
amulets, and other protective devices was sweeping the school.
Neville Longbottom bought a large, evil-smelling green onion, a
pointed purple crystal, and a rotting newt tail before the other
Gryffindor boys pointed out that he was in no danger; he was a pure-
blood, and therefore unlikely to be attacked.
They went for Filch first, Neville said, his round face fearful. And
everyone knows I'm almost a Squib.
In the second week of December Professor McGonagall came
around as usual, collecting names of those who would be staying at
school for Christmas. Harry, Ron, and Hermione signed her list; they
had heard that Malfoy was staying, which struck them as very
suspicious. The holidays would be the perfect time to use the
Polyjuice Potion and try to worm a confession out of him.
Unfortunately, the potion was only half finished. They still
* 3-85*
needed the bicorn horn and the boomslang skin, and the only place
they were going to get them was from Snape's private stores. Harry
privately felt he'd rather face Slytherin's legendary monster than let
Snape catch him robbing his office.
What we need, said Hermione briskly as Thursday afternoon's
double Potions lesson loomed nearer, is a diversion. Then one of us
can sneak into Snape's office and take what we need.
Harry and Ron looked at her nervously.
I think Id better do the actual stealing, Hermione continued in a
matter-of-fact tone. You two will be expelled if you get into any more
trouble, and I've got a clean record. So all you need to do is cause
enough mayhem to keep Snape busy for five minutes or so.
Harry smiled feebly. Deliberately causing mayhem in Snape's Potions
class was about as safe as poking a sleeping dragon in the eye.
Potions lessons took place in one of the large dungeons. Thursday
afternoon's lesson proceeded in the usual way. Twenty cauldrons
stood steaming between the wooden desks, on which stood brass
scales and jars of ingredients. Snape prowled through the fumes,
making waspish remarks about the Gryffindors' work while the
Slytherins sniggered appreciatively. Draco Malfoy, who was Snape's
favorite student, kept flicking puffer-fish eyes at Ron and Harry, who
knew that if they retaliated they would get detention faster than you
could say Unfair.
Harry's Swelling Solution was far too runny, but he had his mind on
more important things. He was waiting for Hermione's signal, and he
hardly listened as Snape paused to sneer at his watery
*186*
potion. When Snape turned and walked off to bully Neville, Hermione
caught Harry's eye and nodded.
Harry ducked swiftly down behind his cauldron, pulled one of Fred's
Filibuster fireworks out of his pocket, and gave it a quick prod with his
wand. The firework began to fizz and sputter. Knowing he had only
seconds, Harry straightened up, took aim, and lobbed it into the air; it
landed right on target in Goyle's cauldron.
Goyle's potion exploded, showering the whole class. People shrieked
as splashes of the Swelling Solution hit them. Malfoy got a faceful and
his nose began to swell like a balloon; Goyle blundered around, his
hands over his eyes, which had expanded to the size of a dinner plate -
Snape was trying to restore calm and find out what had happened.
Through the confusion, Harry saw Hermione slip quietly into Snape's
office.
Silence! SILENCE! Snape roared. Anyone who has been splashed,
come here for a Deflating Draft - when I find out who did this -
Harry tried not to laugh as he watched Malfoy hurry forward, his head
drooping with the weight of a nose like a small melon. As half the
class lumbered up to Snape's desk, some weighted down with arms
like clubs, others unable to talk through gigantic puffedup lips, Harry
saw Hermione slide back into the dungeon, the front of her robes
bulging.
When everyone had taken a swig of antidote and the various swellings
had subsided, Snape swept over to Goyle's cauldron and scooped out
the twisted black remains of the firework. There was a sudden hush.
*187*
If I ever find out who threw this, Snape whispered, I shall make
sure that person is expelled.
Harry arranged his face into what he hoped was a puzzled
expression. Snape was looking right at him, and the bell that rang ten
minutes later could not have been more welcome.
He knew it was me, Harry told Ron and Hermione as they hurried
back to Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. I could tell.
Hermione threw the new ingredients into the cauldron and began to
stir feverishly.
It'll be ready in two weeks, she said happily.
Snape can't prove it was you, said Ron reassuringly to Harry.
What can he do?
Knowing Snape, something foul, said Harry as the potion frothed
and bubbled.
A week later, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were walking across the
entrance hall when they saw a small knot of people gathered around
the notice board, reading a piece of parchment that had just been
pinned up. Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas beckoned them
over, looking excited.
They're starting a Dueling Club! said Seamus. First meeting
tonight! I wouldn't mind dueling lessons; they might come in handy
one of these days ......
What, you reckon Slytherin's monster can duel? said Ron, but he,
too, read the sign with interest.
Could be useful, he said to Harry and Hermione as they went into
dinner. Shall we go?
Harry and Hermione were all for it, so at eight o'clock that
*188*
evening they hurried back to the Great Hall. The long dining tables
had vanished and a golden stage had appeared along one wall, lit by
thousands of candles floating overhead. The ceiling was velvety
black once more and most of the school seemed to be packed
beneath it, all carrying their wands and looking excited.
I wonder who'll be teaching us? said Hermione as they edged into
the chattering crowd. Someone told me Flitwick was a dueling
champion when he was young - maybe it'll be him.
As long as it's not - Harry began, but he ended on a groan:
Gilderoy Lockhart was walking onto the stage, resplendent in robes
of deep plum and accompanied by none other than Snape, wearing
his usual black.
Lockhart waved an arm for silence and called ' Gather round,
gather round! Can everyone see me? Can you all hear me?
Excellent!
Now, Professor Dumbledore has granted me permission to start
this little dueling club, to train you all in case you ever need to defend
yourselves as I myself have done on countless occasions - for full
details, see my published works.
Let me introduce my assistant, Professor Snape, said Lockhart,
flashing a wide smile. He tells me he knows a tiny little bit about
dueling himself and has sportingly agreed to help me with a short
demonstration before we begin. Now, I don't want any of you
youngsters to worry - you'll still have your Potions master when I'm
through with him, never fear!
Wouldn't it be good if they finished each other off? Ron muttered in
Harry's ear.
Snape's upper lip was curling. Harry wondered why Lockhart
*189*
was still smiling; if Snape had been looking at him like that he'd have
been running as fast as he could in the opposite direction.
Lockhart and Snape turned to face each other and bowed; at least,
Lockhart did, with much twirling of his hands, whereas Snape jerked
his head irritably. Then they raised their wands like swords in front of
them.
As you see, we are holding our wands in the accepted combative
position, Lockhart told the silent crowd. On the count of three, we
will cast our first spells. Neither of us will be aiming to kill, of course.
I wouldn't bet on that, Harry murmured, watching Snape baring his
teeth.
One - two - three -
Both of them swung their wands above their heads and pointed them
at their opponent; Snape cried: Expelliarmus! There was a dazzling
flash of scarlet light and Lockhart was blasted off his feet: He flew
backward off the stage, smashed into the wall, and slid down it to
sprawl on the floor.
Malfoy and some of the other Slytherins cheered. Hermione was
dancing on tiptoes. Do you think he's all right? she squealed through
her fingers.
Who cares? said Harry and Ron together.
Lockhart was getting unsteadily to his feet. His hat had fallen off and
his wavy hair was standing on end.
Well, there you have it! he said, tottering back onto the platform.
That was a Disarming Charm - as you see, I've lost my wand - ah,
thank you, Miss Brown - yes, an excellent idea to show them that,
Professor Snape, but if you don't mind my saying
*190*
so, it was very obvious what you were about to do. If I had wanted to
stop you it would have been only too easy - however, I felt it would be
instructive to let them see . . .
Snape was looking murderous. Possibly Lockhart had noticed, because
he said, Enough demonstrating! I'm going to come amongst you now
and put you all into pairs. Professor Snape, if you'd like to help me -
They moved through the crowd, matching up partners. Lockhart
teamed Neville with Justin Finch-Fletchley, but Snape reached Harry
and Ron first.
Time to split up the dream team, I think, he sneered. Weasley, you
can partner Finnigan. Potter -
Harry moved automatically toward Hermione.
I don't think so, said Snape, smiling coldly. Mr. Malfoy, come over
here. Let's see what you make of the famous Potter. And you, Miss
Granger - you can partner Miss Bulstrode.
Malfoy strutted over, smirking. Behind him walked a Slytherin girl who
reminded Harry of a picture he'd seen in Holidays with Hags. She was
large and square and her heavy jaw jutted aggressively. Hermione
gave her a weak smile that she did not return.
Face your partners! called Lockhart, back on the platform. And
bow!
Harry and Malfoy barely inclined their heads, not taking their eyes off
each other.
Wands at the ready! shouted Lockhart. When I count to three, cast
your charms to disarm your opponents - only to disarm them - we don't
want any accidents - one ... two ... three -
*191*
Harry swung his wand high, but Malfoy had already started on two:
His spell hit Harry so hard he felt as though he'd been hit over the
head with a saucepan. He stumbled, but everything still seemed to be
working, and wasting no more time, Harry pointed his wand straight at
Malfoy and shouted, Rictusempra!
A jet of silver light hit Malfoy in the stomach and he doubled up,
wheezing.
I said disarm only! Lockhart shouted in alarm over the heads of the
battling crowd, as Malfoy sank to his knees; Harry had hit him with a
Tickling Charm, and he could barely move for laughing. Harry hung
back, with a vague feeling it would be unsporting to bewitch Malfoy
while he was on the floor, but this was a mistake; gasping for breath,
Malfoy pointed his wand at Harry's knees, choked, Tarantallegra!
and the next second Harry's legs began to jerk around out of his
control in a kind of quickstep.
Stop! Stop! screamed Lockhart, but Snape took charge.
Finite Incantatem! he shouted; Harry's feet stopped dancing, Malfoy
stopped laughing, and they were able to look up.
A haze of greenish smoke was hovering over the scene. Both Neville
and Justin were lying on the floor, panting; Ron was holding up an
ashen-faced Seamus, apologizing for whatever his broken wand had
done; but Hermione and Millicent Bulstrode were still moving;
Millicent had Hermione in a headlock and Hermione was whimpering
in pain; both their wands lay forgotten on the floor. Harry leapt
forward and pulled Millicent off. It was difficult: She was a lot bigger
than he was.
Dear, dear, said Lockhart, skittering through the crowd, looking at
the aftermath of the duels. Up you go, Macmillan ....
*192*
Careful there, Miss Fawcett .... Pinch it hard, it'll stop bleeding in a
second, Boot
I think Id better teach you how to block unfriendly spells, said
Lockhart, standing flustered in the midst of the hall. He glanced at
Snape, whose black eyes glinted, and looked quickly away. Let's
have a volunteer pair - Longbottom and Finch-Fletchley, how about
you -
A bad idea, Professor Lockhart, said Snape, gliding over like a large
and malevolent bat. Longbottom causes devastation with the simplest
spells. We'll be sending what's left of Finch-Fletchley up to the
hospital wing in a matchbox. Neville's round, pink face went pinker.
How about Malfoy and Potter? said Snape with a twisted smile.
Excellent idea! said Lockhart, gesturing Harry and Malfoy into the
middle of the hall as the crowd backed away to give them room.
Now, Harry, said Lockhart. When Draco points his wand at you,
you do this.
He raised his own wand, attempted a complicated sort of wiggling
action, and dropped it. Snape smirked as Lockhart quickly picked it up,
saying, Whoops -my wand is a little overexcited -
Snape moved closer to Malfoy, bent down, and whispered something
in his ear. Malfoy smirked, too. Harry looked up nervously at Lockhart
and said, Professor, could you show me that blocking thing again?
Scared? muttered Malfoy, so that Lockhart couldn't hear him.
You wish, said Harry out of the corner of his mouth.
Lockhart cuffed Harry merrily on the shoulder. Just do what I did,
Harry!
What, drop my wand?
But Lockhart wasn't listening.
Three - two - one - go! he shouted.
Malfoy raised his wand quickly and bellowed, Serpensortia!
The end of his wand exploded. Harry watched, aghast, as a long black
snake shot out of it, fell heavily onto the floor between them, and
raised itself, ready to strike. There were screams as the crowd
backed swiftly away, clearing the floor.
Don't move, Potter, said Snape lazily, clearly enjoying the sight of
Harry standing motionless, eye to eye with the angry snake. I'll get
rid of it ......
Allow me! shouted Lockhart. He brandished his wand at the snake
and there was a loud bang; the snake, instead of vanishing, flew ten
feet into the air and fell back to the floor with a loud smack. Enraged,
hissing furiously, it slithered straight toward Justin Finch-Fletchley and
raised itself again, fangs exposed, poised to strike.
Harry wasn't sure what made him do it. He wasn't even aware of
deciding to do it. All he knew was that his legs were carrying him
forward as though he was on casters and that he had shouted stupidly
at the snake, Leave him alone! And miraculously - inexplicably - the
snake slumped to the floor, docile as a thick, black garden hose, its
eyes now on Harry. Harry felt the fear drain out of him. He knew the
snake wouldn't attack anyone now, though how he knew it, he couldn't
have explained.
He looked up at Justin, grinning, expecting to see Justin looking
*194*
relieved, or puzzled, or even grateful - but certainly not angry and
scared.
What do you think you're playing at? he shouted, and before Harry
could say anything, Justin had turned and stormed out of the hall.
Snape stepped forward, waved his wand, and the snake vanished in a
small puff of black smoke. Snape, too, was looking at Harry in an
unexpected way: It was a shrewd and calculating look, and Harry
didn't like it. He was also dimly aware of an ominous muttering all
around the walls. Then he felt a tugging on the back of his robes.
Come on, said Rods voice in his ear. Move - come on -
Ron steered him out of the hall, Hermione hurrying alongside them. As
they went through the doors, the people on either side drew away as
though they were frightened of catching something. Harry didn't have
a clue what was going on, and neither Ron nor Hermione explained
anything until they had dragged him all the way up to the empty
Gryffindor common room. Then Ron pushed Harry into an armchair
and said, You're a Parselmouth. Why didn't you tell us?
I'm a what? said Harry.
`A Parselmouth! said Ron. You can talk to snakes!
I know, said Harry. I mean, that's only the second time I've ever
done it. I accidentally set a boa constrictor on my cousin Dudley at the
zoo once - long story - but it was telling me it had never seen Brazil
and I sort of set it free without meaning to that was before I knew I
was a wizard -
A boa constrictor told you it had never seen Brazil? Ron repeated
faintly.
*195*
So? said Harry. I bet loads of people here can do it.
Oh, no they can't, said Ron. It's not a very common gift. Harry, this
is bad.
What's bad? said Harry, starting to feel quite angry. What's wrong
with everyone? Listen, if I hadn't told that snake not to attack Justin -
Oh, that's what you said to it?
What d'you mean? You were there - you heard me -
I heard you speaking Parseltongue, said Ron. Snake language. You
could have been saying anything - no wonder Justin panicked, you
sounded like you were egging the snake on or something - it was
creepy, you know -
Harry gaped at him.
I spoke a different language? But - I didn't realize - how can I speak
a language without knowing I can speak it?
Ron shook his head. Both he and Hermione were looking as though
someone had died. Harry couldn't see what was so terrible.
D'you want to tell me what's wrong with stopping a massive snake
biting off Justin's head? he said. What does it matter how I did it as
long as Justin doesn't have to join the Headless Hunt?
It matters, said Hermione, speaking at last in a hushed voice,
because being able to talk to snakes was what Salazar Slytherin was
famous for. That's why the symbol of Slytherin House is a serpent.
Harry's mouth fell open.
Exactly, said Ron. And now the whole school's going to think you're
his great-great-great-great-grandson or something -
But I'm not, said Harry, with a panic he couldn't quite explain.
You'll find that hard to prove, said Hermione. He lived about a
thousand years ago; for all we know, you could be.
* IL96 *
Harry lay awake for hours that night. Through a gap in the curtains
around his four-poster he watched snow starting to drift past the
tower window and wondered . . .
Could he be a descendant of Salazar Slithering? He didn't know
anything about his father's family, after all. The Dursleys had always
forbidden questions about his wizarding relatives.
Quietly, Harry tried to say something in Parseltongue. The words
wouldn't come. It seemed he had to be face-to-face with a snake to
do it.
 
have put me in here if I had Slytherin blood...
Ah, said a nasty little voice in his brain, but the Sorting Hat wanted to
put you in Slytherin, don't you remember?
Harry turned over. He'd see Justin the next day in Herbology and he'd
explain that he'd been calling the snake off, not egging it on, which (he
thought angrily, pummeling his pillow) any fool should have realized.
By next morning, however, the snow that had begun in the night had
turned into a blizzard so thick that the last Herbology lesson of the
term was canceled: Professor Sprout wanted to fit socks and scarves
on the Mandrakes, a tricky operation she would entrust to no one else,
now that it was so important for the Mandrakes to grow quickly and
revive Mrs. Norris and Colin Creevey.
Harry fretted about this next to the fire in the Gryffindor common
room, while Ron and Hermione used their time off to play a game of
wizard chess.
For heaven's sake, Harry, said Hermione, exasperated, as one
*197*
of Ron's bishops wrestled her knight off his horse and dragged him off
the board. Go and find Justin if it's so important to you.
So Harry got up and left through the portrait hole, wondering where
Justin might be.
The castle was darker than it usually was in daytime because of the
thick, swirling gray snow at every window. Shivering, Harry walked
past classrooms where lessons were taking place, catching snatches of
what was happening within. Professor McGonagall was shouting at
someone who, by the sound of it, had turned his friend into a badger.
Resisting the urge to take a look, Harry walked on by, thinking that
Justin might be using his free time to catch up on some work, and
deciding to check the library first.
A group of the Hufliepuffs who should have been in Herbology were
indeed sitting at the back of the library, but they didn't seem to be
working. Between the long lines of high bookshelves, Harry could see
that their heads were close together and they were having what looked
like an absorbing conversation. He couldn't see whether Justin was
among them. He was walking toward them when something of what
they were saying met his ears, and he paused to listen, hidden in the
Invisibility section.
So anyway, a stout boy was saying, I told Justin to hide up in our
dormitory. I mean to say, if Potter's marked him down as his next
victim, it's best if he keeps a low profile for a while. Of course, Justin's
been waiting for something like this to happen ever since he let slip to
Potter he was Muggle-born. Justin actually told him he'd been down
for Eton. That's not the kind of thing you bandy about with Slytherin's
heir on the loose, is it?
You definitely think it is Potter, then, Ernie? said a girl with blonde
pigtails anxiously.
Hannah, said the stout boy solemnly, he's a Parselmouth. Everyone
knows that's the mark of a Dark wizard. Have you ever heard of a
decent one who could talk to snakes? They called Slytherin himself
Serpent-tongue.
There was some heavy murmuring at this, and Ernie went on,
Remember what was written on the wall? Enemies of the Heir,
Beware. Potter had some sort of run-in with Filch. Next thing we
know, Flich's cat's attacked. That first year, Creevey, was annoying
Potter at the Quidditch match, taking pictures of him while he was
lying in the mud. Next thing we know - Creevey's been attacked.
He always seems so nice, though, said Hannah uncertainly, and,
well, he's the one who made You-Know-Who disappear. He can't be
all bad, can he?
Ernie lowered his voice mysteriously, the Hufflepuffs bent closer, and
Harry edged nearer so that he could catch Ernie's words.
No one knows how he survived that attack by You-Know-Who. I
mean to say, he was only a baby when it happened. He should have
been blasted into smithereens. Only a really powerful Dark wizard
could have survived a curse like that. He dropped his voice until it
was barely more than a whisper, and said, That's probably why You-
Know-Who wanted to kill him in the first place. Didn't want another
Dark Lord competing with him. I wonder what other powers Potter's
been hiding?
Harry couldn't take anymore. Clearing his throat loudly, he stepped out
from behind the bookshelves. If he hadn't been feeling so angry, he
would have found the sight that greeted him funny: Every one of the
Hufflepuffs looked as though they had been Petrified by the sight of
him, and the color was draining out of Ernie's face.
*199*
Hello, said Harry. I'm looking for Justin Finch-Fletchley.
The Hufepuffs' worst fears had clearly been confirmed. They all
looked fearfully at Ernie.
What do you want with him? said Ernie in a quavering voice.
I wanted to tell him what really happened with that snake at the
Dueling Club, said Harry.
Ernie bit his white lips and then, taking a deep breath, said, We
were all there. We saw what happened.
Then you noticed that after I spoke to it, the snake backed off?
said Harry.
All I saw, said Ernie stubbornly, though he was trembling as he
spoke, was you speaking Parseltongue and chasing the snake
toward Justin. 
I didn't chase it at him! Harry said, his voice shaking with anger. It
didn't even touch him!
It was a very near miss, said Ernie. And in case you're getting
ideas, he added hastily, I might tell you that you can trace my
family back through nine generations of witches and warlocks and
my blood's as pure as anyone's, so -
Why would I want to attack Muggle-borns?
I've heard you hate those Muggles you live with, said Ernie swiftly.
It's not possible to live with the Dursleys and not hate them, said
Harry. Id like to see you try it.
He turned on his heel and stormed out of the library, earning himself
a reproving glare from Madam Pince, who was polishing the gilded
cover of a large spellbook.
*200*
Harry blundered up the corridor, barely noticing where he was going,
he was in such a fury. The result was that he walked into something
very large and solid, which knocked him backward onto the floor.
Oh, hello, Hagrid, Harry said, looking up.
Hagrid's face was entirely hidden by a woolly, snow-covered
balaclava, but it couldn't possibly be anyone else, as he filled most of
the corridor in his moleskin overcoat. A dead rooster was hanging
from one of his massive, gloved hands.
All righ', Harry? he said, pulling up the balaclava so he could
speak. Why aren't yeh in class?
Canceled, said Harry, getting up. What're you doing in here?
Hagrid held up the limp rooster.
Second one killed this term, he explained. It's either foxes or a
Blood-Suckin Bugbear, an' I need the Headmaster's permission ter
put a charm around the hen coop.
He peered more closely at Harry from under his thick, snowflecked
eyebrows.
Yeh sure yeh're all righ'? Yeh look all hot an' bothered -
Harry couldn't bring himself to repeat what Ernie and the rest of the
Hufflepuffs had been saying about him.
It's nothing, he said. Id better get going, Hagrid, it's Transfiguration
next and I've got to pick up my books.
He walked off, his mind still full of what Ernie had said about him.
 
let slip to Potter he was Muggle-born .....
* 2 0 IL *
Harry stamped up the stairs and turned along another corridor,
which was particularly dark; the torches had been extinguished by a
strong, icy draft that was blowing through a loose windowpane. He
was halfway down the passage when he tripped headlong over
something lying on the floor.
He turned to squint at what he'd fallen over and felt as though his
stomach had dissolved.
Justin Finch-Fletchley was lying on the floor, rigid and cold, a look of
shock frozen on his face, his eyes staring blankly at the ceiling. And
that wasn't all. Next to him was another figure, the strangest sight
Harry had ever seen.
It was Nearly Headless Nick, no longer pearly-white and
transparent, but black and smoky, floating immobile and horizontal,
six inches off the floor. His head was half off and his face wore an
expression of shock identical to Justin's.
Harry got to his feet, his breathing fast and shallow, his heart doing a
kind of drumroll against his ribs. He looked wildly up and down the
deserted corridor and saw a line of spiders scuttling as fast as they
could away from the bodies. The only sounds were the muffled
voices of teachers from the classes on either side.
He could run, and no one would ever know he had been there. But
he couldn't just leave them lying here .... He had to get help ....
Would anyone believe he hadn't had anything to do with this?
As he stood there, panicking, a door right next to him opened with a
bang. Peeves the Poltergeist came shooting out.
Why, it's potty wee Potter! cackled Peeves, knocking Harry's
glasses askew as he bounced past him. What's Potter up to? Why's
Potter lurking -
*202*
Peeves stopped, halfway through a midair somersault. Upside down,
he spotted Justin and Nearly Headless Nick. He flipped the right
way up, filled his lungs and, before Harry could stop him, screamed,
ATTACK! ATTACK! ANOTHER ATTACK! NO MORTAL
OR GHOST IS SAFE! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
ATTAAAACK!
Crash - crash - crash - door after door flew open along the corridor
and people flooded out. For several long minutes, there was a scene
of such confusion that Justin was in danger of being squashed and
people kept standing in Nearly Headless Nick. Harry found himself
pinned against the wall as the teachers shouted for quiet. Professor
McGonagall came running, followed by her own class, one of whom
still had black-and-white-striped hair. She used her wand to set off
aloud bang, which restored silence, and ordered everyone back into
their classes. No sooner had the scene cleared somewhat than Ernie
the Hufflepuff arrived, panting, on the scene.
Caught in the act! Ernie yelled, his face stark white, pointing his
finger dramatically at Harry.
That will do, Macmillan! said Professor McGonagall sharply.
Peeves was bobbing overhead, now grinning wickedly, surveying the
scene; Peeves always loved chaos. As the teachers bent over Justin
and Nearly Headless Nick, examining them, Peeves broke into song:
Oh, Potter, you rotter, oh, what have you done,
You're killing off' students, you think it's good fun -
That's enough Peeves! barked Professor McGonagall, and Peeves
zoomed away backward, with his tongue out at Harry.
*203*
Justin was carried up to the hospital wing by Professor Flitwick and
Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department, but nobody seemed
to know what to do for Nearly Headless Nick. In the end, Professor
McGonagall conjured a large fan out of thin air, which she gave to
Ernie with instructions to waft Nearly Headless Nick up the stairs.
This Ernie did, fanning Nick along like a silent black hovercraft. This
left Harry and Professor McGonagall alone together.
This way, Potter, she said.
Professor, said Harry at once, I swear I didn't -
This is out of my hands, Potter, said Professor McGonagall curtly.
They marched in silence around a corner and she stopped before a
large and extremely ugly stone gargoyle.
Lemon drop! she said. This was evidently a password, because the
gargoyle sprang suddenly to life and hopped aside as the wall behind
him split in two. Even full of dread for what was coming, Harry
couldn't fail to be amazed. Behind the wall was a spiral staircase that
was moving smoothly upward, like an escalator. As he and Professor
McGonagall stepped onto it, Harry heard the wall thud closed behind
them. They rose upward in circles, higher and higher, until at last,
slightly dizzy, Harry saw a gleaming oak door ahead, with a brass
knocker in the shape of a griffin.
He knew now where he was being taken. This must be where
Dumbledore lived.
*204*
C I3 A P T V RR T W E I V
THE POLYJUICE POTION
hey stepped off the stone staircase at the top, and Professor
McGonagall rapped on the door. It opened silently and they entered.
Professor McGonagall told Harry to wait and left him there, alone.
Harry looked around. One thing was certain: of all the teachers'
offices Harry had visited so far this year, Dumbledore's was by far
the most interesting. If he hadn't been scared out of his wits that he
was about to be thrown out of school, he would have been very
pleased to have a chance to look around it.
It was a large and beautiful circular room, full of funny little noises. A
number of curious silver instruments stood on spindlelegged tables,
whirring and emitting little puffs of smoke. The walls were covered
with portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses, all of whom
were snoozing gently in their frames. There was also an enormous,
claw-footed desk, and, sitting on a shelf behind it, a shabby, tattered
wizard's hat - the Sorting Hat.
*205*
Harry hesitated. He cast a wary eye around the sleeping witches and
wizards on the walls. Surely it couldn't hurt if he took the hat down
and tried it on again? Just to see ... just to make sure it had put him in
the right House
He walked quietly around the desk, lifted the hat from its shelf, and
lowered it slowly onto his head. It was much too large and slipped
down over his eyes, just as it had done the last time he'd put it on.
Harry stared at the black inside of the hat, waiting. Then a small voice
said in his ear, Bee in your bonnet, Harry Potter?
Er, yes, Harry muttered. Er - sorry to bother you - I wanted to ask -
You've been wondering whether I put you in the right House, said
the hat smartly. Yes ... you were particularly difficult to place. But I
stand by what I said before - Harry's heart leapt - you would have
done well in Slytherin -
Harry's stomach plummeted. He grabbed the point of the hat and
pulled it off. It hung limply in his hand, grubby and faded. Harry
pushed it back onto its shelf, feeling sick.
You're wrong, he said aloud to the still and silent hat. It didn't move.
Harry backed away, watching it. Then a strange, gagging noise behind
him made him wheel around.
He wasn't alone after all. Standing on a golden perch behind the door
was a decrepit-looking bird that resembled a half-plucked turkey.
Harry stared at it and the bird looked balefully back, making its
gagging noise again. Harry thought it looked very ill. Its eyes were dull
and, even as Harry watched, a couple more feathers fell out of its tail.
Harry was just thinking that all he needed was for Dumbledore's
pet bird to die while he was alone in the office with it, when the bird
burst into flames.
Harry yelled in shock and backed away into the desk. He looked
feverishly around in case there was a glass of water somewhere but
couldn't see one; the bird, meanwhile, had become a fireball; it gave
one loud shriek and next second there was nothing but a smouldering
pile of ash on the floor.
The office door opened. Dumbledore came in, looking very somber.
Professor, Harry gasped. Your bird - I couldn't do anything - he just
caught fire -
To Harry's astonishment, Dumbledore smiled.
About time, too, he said. He's been looking dreadful for days; I've
been telling him to get a move on.
He chuckled at the stunned look on Harry's face.
Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry. Phoenixes burst into flame when it is
time for them to die and are reborn from the ashes. Watch him . . .
Harry looked down in time to see a tiny, wrinkled, newborn bird poke
its head out of the ashes. It was quite as ugly as the old one.
It's a shame you had to see him on a Burning Day, said Dumbledore,
seating himself behind his desk. He's really very handsome most of
the time, wonderful red and gold plumage. Fascinating creatures,
phoenixes. They can carry immensely heavy loads, their tears have
healing powers, and they make highly faithful pets.
In the shock of Fawkes catching fire, Harry had forgotten what he
was there for, but it all came back to him as Dumbledore settled
himself in the high chair behind the desk and fixed Harry with his
penetrating, light-blue stare.
Before Dumbledore could speak another word, however, the door of
the office flew open with an almighty bang and Hagrid burst in, a wild
look in his eyes, his balaclava perched on top of his shaggy black head
and the dead rooster still swinging from his hand.
It wasn' Harry, Professor Dumbledore! said Hagrid urgently. I was
talkin' ter him seconds before that kid was found, he never had time, sir -
Dumbledore tried to say something, but Hagrid went ranting on,
waving the rooster around in his agitation, sending feathers
everywhere.
- it can't've bin him, I'll swear it in front o' the Ministry o' Magic if I
have to -
Hagrid, I -
- yeh've got the wrong boy, sir, I know Harry never ='
Hagrid! said Dumbledore loudly. I do not think that Harry
attacked those people.
Oh, said Hagrid, the rooster falling limply at his side. Right. I'll wait
outside then, Headmaster.
And he stomped out looking embarrassed.
You don't think it was me, Professor? Harry repeated hopefully as
Dumbledore brushed rooster feathers off his desk.
No, Harry, I don't, said Dumbledore, though his face was somber
again. But I still want to talk to you.
Harry waited nervously while Dumbledore considered him, the tips of
his long fingers together.
*208*
I must ask you, Harry, whether there is anything you'd like to tell me,
he said gently. Anything at all.
Harry didn't know what to say. He thought of Malfoy shouting, You'll
be next, Mudbloods! and of the Polyjuice Potion simmering away in
Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Then he thought of the disembodied
voice he had heard twice and remembered what Ron had said:
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the
wizarding world. He thought, too, about what everyone was saying
about him, and his growing dread that he was somehow connected
with Salazar Slytherin ....
No, said Harry. There isn't anything, Professor . . . .
The double attack on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick turned what
had hitherto been nervousness into real panic. Curiously, it was Nearly
Headless Nick's fate that seemed to worry people most. What could
possibly do that to a ghost? people asked each other; what terrible
power could harm someone who was already dead? There was
almost a stampede to book seats on the Hogwarts Express so that
students could go home for Christmas.
At this rate, we'll be the only ones left, Ron told Harry and
Hermione. Us, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. What a jolly holiday it's
going to be.
Crabbe and Goyle, who always did whatever Malfoy did, had signed
up to stay over the holidays, too. But Harry was glad that most people
were leaving. He was tired of people skirting around him in the
corridors, as though he was about to sprout fangs or spit poison; tired
of all the muttering, pointing, and hissing as he passed.
*209*
Fred and George, however, found all this very funny. They went out of
their way to march ahead of Harry down the corridors, shouting,
Make way for the Heir of Slytherin, seriously evil wizard coming
through ......
Percy was deeply disapproving of this behavior.
It is not a laughing matter, he said coldly.
Oh, get out of the way, Percy, said Fred. Harry's in a hurry.
Yeah, he's off to the Chamber of Secrets for a cup of tea with his
fanged servant, said George, chortling.
Ginny didn't find it amusing either.
Oh, don't, she wailed every time Fred asked Harry loudly who he
was planning to attack next, or when George pretended to ward Harry
off with a large clove of garlic when they met.
Harry didn't mind; it made him feel better that Fred and George, at
least, thought the idea of his being Slytherin's heir was quite ludicrous.
But their antics seemed to be aggravating Draco Malfoy, who looked
increasingly sour each time he saw them at it.
It's because he's bursting to say it's really him, said Ron knowingly.
You know how he hates anyone beating him at anything, and you're
getting all the credit for his dirty work.
Not for long, said Hermione in a satisfied tone. The Polyjuice
Potion's nearly ready. We'll be getting the truth out of him any day
now.
At last the term ended, and a silence deep as the snow on the grounds
descended on the castle. Harry found it peaceful, rather than gloomy,
and enjoyed the fact that he, Hermione, and the Weasleys had the run
of Gryffindor Tower, which meant they could
*210*
play Exploding Snap loudly without bothering anyone, and practice
dueling in private. Fred, George, and Ginny had chosen to stay at
school rather than visit Bill in Egypt with Mr. and Mrs. Weasley.
Percy, who disapproved of what he termed their childish behavior,
didn't spend much time in the Gryffindor common room. He had
already told them pompously that he was only staying over Christmas
because it was his duty as a prefect to support the teachers during
this troubled time.
Christmas morning dawned, cold and white. Harry and Ron, the only
ones left in their dormitory, were woken very early by Hermione,
who burst in, fully dressed and carrying presents for them both.
Wake up, she said loudly, pulling back the curtains at the window.
Hermione - you're not supposed to be in here - said Ron, shielding
his eyes against the light.
Merry Christmas to you, too, said Hermione, throwing him his
present. I've been up for nearly an hour, adding more lacewings to
the potion. It's ready.
Harry sat up, suddenly wide awake.
Are you sure?
Positive, said Hermione, shifting Scabbers the rat so that she could
sit down on the end of Ron's four-poster. If we're going to do it, I
say it should be tonight.
At that moment, Hedwig swooped into the room, carrying a very
small package in her beak.
Hello, said Harry happily as she landed on his bed. Are you
speaking to me again?
She nibbled his ear in an affectionate sort of way, which was a far
better present than the one that she had brought him, which turned
out to be from the Dursleys. They had sent Harry a toothpick and a
note telling him to find out whether he'd be able to stay at Hogwarts
for the summer vacation, too.
The rest of Harry's Christmas presents were far more satisfactory.
Hagrid had sent him a large tin of treacle fudge, which Harry decided
to soften by the fire before eating; Ron had given him a book called
Flying with the Cannons, a book of interesting facts about his favorite
Quidditch team, and Hermione had bought him a luxury eagle-feather
quill. Harry opened the last present to find a new, hand-knitted
sweater from Mrs. Weasley and a large plum cake. He read her card
with a fresh surge of guilt, thinking about Mr. Weasley's car (which
hadn't been seen since its crash with the Whomping Willow), and the
bout of rule-breaking he and Ron were planning next.
No one, not even someone dreading taking Polyjuice Potion later,
could fail to enjoy Christmas dinner at Hogwarts.
The Great Hall looked magnificent. Not only were there a dozen
frost-covered Christmas trees and thick streamers of holly and
mistletoe crisscrossing the ceiling, but enchanted snow was falling,
warm and dry, from the ceiling. Dumbledore led them in a few of his
favorite carols, Hagrid booming more and more loudly with every
goblet of eggnog he consumed. Percy, who hadn't noticed that Fred
had bewitched his prefect badge so that it now read Pinhead, kept
asking them all what they were sniggering at. Harry didn't even care
that Draco Malfoy was making loud, snide remarks
* 2:L2 *
about his new sweater from the Slytherin table. With a bit of luck,
Malfoy would be getting his comeuppance in a few hours' time.
Harry and Ron had barely finished their third helpings of Christmas
pudding when Hermione ushered them out of the hall to finalize their
plans for the evening.
We still need a bit of the people you're changing into, said
Hermione matter-of-facdy, as though she were sending them to the
supermarket for laundry detergent. And obviously, it'll be best if you
can get something of Crabbe's and Goyle's; they're Malfoys best
friends, he'll tell them anything. And we also need to make sure the
real Crabbe and Goyle can't burst in on us while we're interrogating
him.
I've got it all worked out, she went on smoothly, ignoring Harry's
and Ron's stupefied faces. She held up two plump chocolate cakes.
I've filled these with a simple Sleeping Draught. All you have to do is
make sure Crabbe and Goyle find them. You know how greedy they
are, they're bound to eat them. Once they're asleep, pull out a few of
their hairs and hide them in a broom closet.
Harry and Ron looked incredulously at each other.
Hermione, I don't think -
That could go seriously wrong -
But Hermione had a steely glint in her eye not unlike the one
Professor McGonagall sometimes had.
The potion will be useless without Crabbe's and Goyle's hair, she
said sternly. You do want to investigate Malfoy, don't you?
Oh, all right, all right, said Harry. But what about you? Whose hair
are you ripping out?
*213*
I've already got mine! said Hermione brightly, pulling a tiny bottle
out of her pocket and showing them the single hair inside it.
Remember Millicent Bulstrode wrestling with me at the Dueling
Club? She left this on my robes when she was trying to strangle me!
And she's gone home for Christmas - so I'll just have to tell the
Slytherins I've decided to come back.
When Hermione had bustled off to check on the Polyjuice Potion
again, Ron turned to Harry with a doom-laden expression.
Have you ever heard of a plan where so many things could go
wrong?
But to Harry's and Ron's utter amazement, stage one of the
operation went just as smoothly as Hermione had said. They lurked
in the deserted entrance hall after Christmas tea, waiting for Crabbe
and Goyle who had remained alone at the Slytherin table, shoveling
down fourth helpings of trifle. Harry had perched the chocolate
cakes on the end of the banisters. When they spotted Crabbe and
Goyle coming out of the Great Hall, Harry and Ron hid quickly
behind a suit of armor next to the front door.
How thick can you get? Ron whispered ecstatically as Crabbe
gleefully pointed out the cakes to Goyle and grabbed them. Grinning
stupidly, they stuffed the cakes whole into their large mouths. For a
moment, both of them chewed greedily, looks of triumph on their
faces. Then, without the smallest change of expression, they both
keeled over backward onto the floor.
By far the hardest part was hiding them in the closet across the hall.
Once they were safely stowed among the buckets and mops, Harry
yanked out a couple of the bristles that covered Goyle's fore
* _2 14 *
head and Ron pulled out several of Crabbe's hairs. They also stole
their shoes, because their own were far too small for Crabbe- and
Goyle-size feet. Then, still stunned at what they had just done, they
sprinted up to Moaning Myrtle's bathroom.
They could hardly see for the thick black smoke issuing from the stall
in which Hermione was stirring the cauldron. Pulling their robes up
over their faces, Harry and Ron knocked softly on the door.
Hermione?
They heard the scrape of the lock and Hermione emerged, shiny-
faced and looking anxious. Behind her they heard the gloop gloop
of the bubbling, glutinous potion. Three glass tumblers stood ready on
the toilet seat.
Did you get them? Hermione asked breathlessly.
Harry showed her Goyle's hair.
Good. And I sneaked these spare robes out of the laundry, Hermione
said, holding up a small sack. You'll need bigger sizes once you're
Crabbe and Goyle.
The three of them stared into the cauldron. Close up, the potion looked
like thick, dark mud, bubbling sluggishly.
I'm sure I've done everything right, said Hermione, nervously
rereading the splotched page of Moste Potente Potions. It looks like the
book says it should ... once we've drunk it, we'll have exactly an hour
before we change back into ourselves.
Now what? Ron whispered.
We separate it into three glasses and add the hairs.
Hermione ladled large dollops of the potion into each of the glasses.
Then, her hand trembling, she shook Millicent Bulstrode's hair out of
its bottle into the first glass.
*215*
The potion hissed loudly like a boiling kettle and frothed madly. A
second later, it had turned a sick sort of yellow.
Urgh - essence of Millicent Bulstrode, said Ron, eyeing it with
loathing. Bet it tastes disgusting.
Add yours, then, said Hermione.
Harry dropped Goyle's hair into the middle glass and Ron put Crabbe's
into the last one. Both glasses hissed and frothed: Goyle's turned the
khaki color of a booger, Crabbe's a dark, murky brown.
Hang on, said Harry as Ron and Hermione reached for their glasses.
We'd better not all drink them in here .... Once we turn into Crabbe
and Goyle we won't fit. And Millicent Bulstrode's no pixie.
Good thinking, said Ron, unlocking the door. We'll take separate
stalls.
Careful not to spill a drop of his Polyjuice Potion, Harry slipped into
the middle stall.
Ready? he called.
Ready, came Ron's and Hermione's voices.
One - two - three -
Pinching his nose, Harry drank the potion down in two large gulps. It
tasted like overcooked cabbage.
Immediately, his insides started writhing as though he'd just swallowed
live snakes - doubled up, he wondered whether he was going to be
sick - then a burning sensation spread rapidly from his stomach to the
very ends of his fingers and toes - next, bringing him gasping to all
fours, came a horrible melting feeling, as the skin all over his body
bubbled like hot wax - and before his eyes, his hands began to grow,
the fingers thickened, the nails broadened,
* 2116 *
the knuckles were bulging like bolts -his shoulders stretched painfully
and a prickling on his forehead told him that hair was creeping down
toward his eyebrows - his robes ripped as his chest expanded like a
barrel bursting its hoops - his feet were agony in shoes four sizes too
small
As suddenly as it had started, everything stopped. Harry lay facedown
on the stone-cold floor, listening to Myrtle gurgling morosely in the end
toilet. With difficulty, he kicked off his shoes and stood up. So this was
what it felt like, being Goyle. His large hand trembling, he pulled off
his old robes, which were hanging a foot above his ankles, pulled on
the spare ones, and laced up Goyle's boatlike shoes. He reached up to
brush his hair out of his eyes and met only the short growth of wiry
bristles, low on his forehead. Then he realized that his glasses were
clouding his eyes because Goyle obviously didn't need them - he took
them off and called, Are you two okay? Goyle's low rasp of a voice
issued from his mouth.
Yeah, came the deep grunt of Crabbe from his right.
Harry unlocked his door and stepped in front of the cracked mirror.
Goyle stared back at him out of dull, deepset eyes. Harry scratched
his ear. So did Goyle.
Ron's door opened. They stared at each other. Except that he looked
pale and shocked, Ron was indistinguishable from Crabbe, from the
pudding-bowl haircut to the long, gorilla arms.
This is unbelievable, said Ron, approaching the mirror and prodding
Crabbe's flat nose. Unbelievable. 
We'd better get going, said Harry, loosening the watch that was
cutting into Goyle's thick wrist. We've still got to find out
* 217*
where the Slytherin common room is. I only hope we can find
someone to follow. . .
Ron, who had been gazing at Harry, said, You don't know how
bizarre it is to see Goyle thinking. He banged on Hermione's door.
C'mon, we need to go -
A high-pitched voice answered him.
I - I don't think I'm going to come after all. You go on without me.
Hermione, we know Millicent Bulstrode's ugly, no one's going to
know it's you -
No - really - I don't think I'll come. You two hurry up, you re
wasting time
Harry looked at Ron, bewildered.
That looks more like Goyle, said Ron. That's how he looks every
time a teacher asks him a question.
Hermione, are you okay? said Harry through the door.
Fine - I'm fine - go on -
Harry looked at his watch. Five of their precious sixty minutes had
already passed.
We'll meet you back here, all right? he said.
Harry and Ron opened the door of the bathroom carefully, checked
that the coast was clear, and set off.
Don't swing your arms like that, Harry muttered to Ron.
Eh?
Crabbe holds them sort of stiff . . . .
How's this?
Yeah, that's better . . . .
They went down the marble staircase. All they needed now was
*218*
a Slytherin that they could follow to the Slytherin common room, but
there was nobody around.
Any ideas? muttered Harry.
The Slytherins always come up to breakfast from over there, said
Ron, nodding at the entrance to the dungeons. The words had barely
left his mouth when a girl with long, curly hair emerged from the
entrance.
Excuse me, said Ron, hurrying up to her. We've forgotten the way
to our common room.
I beg your pardon? said the girl stiffly. Our common room? I'm a
Ravenclaw.
She walked away, looking suspiciously back at them.
Harry and Ron hurried down the stone steps into the darkness, their
footsteps echoing particularly loudly as Crabbe's and Goyle's huge
feet hit the floor, feeling that this wasn't going to be as easy as they
had hoped.
The labyrinthine passages were deserted. They walked deeper and
deeper under the school, constantly checking their watches to see
how much time they had left. After a quarter of an hour, just when
they were getting desperate, they heard a sudden movement ahead.
Ha! said Ron excitedly. There's one of them now!
The figure was emerging from a side room. As they hurried nearer,
however, their hearts sank. It wasn't a Slytherin, it was Percy.
What're you doing down here? said Ron in surprise.
Percy looked affronted.
That, he said stiffly, is none of your business. It's Crabbe, isn't it?
2 19
Wh - oh, yeah, said Ron.
Well, get off to your dormitories, said Percy sternly. It's not safe to
go wandering around dark corridors these days.
You are, Ron pointed out.
I, said Percy, drawing himself up, am a prefect. Nothing's about to
attack me.
A voice suddenly echoed behind Harry and Ron. Draco Malfoy was
strolling toward them, and for the first time in his life, Harry was
pleased to see him.
There you are, he drawled, looking at them. Have you two been
pigging out in the Great Hall all this time? I've been looking for you; I
want to show you something really funny.
Malfoy glanced witheringly at Percy.
And what're you doing down here, Weasley? he sneered.
Percy looked outraged.
You want to show a bit more respect to a school prefect! he said. I
don't like your attitude!
Malfoy sneered and motioned for Harry and Ron to follow him. Harry
almost said something apologetic to Percy but caught himself just in
time. He and Ron hurried after Malfoy, who said as they turned into
the next passage, That Peter Weasley -
Percy, Ron corrected him automatically.
Whatever, said Malfoy. I've noticed him sneaking around a lot
lately. And I bet I know what he's up to. He thinks he's going to catch
Slytherin's heir single-handed.
He gave a short, derisive laugh. Harry and Ron exchanged excited
looks.
Malfoy paused by a stretch of bare, damp stone wall.
* 220 *
What's the new password again? he said to Harry.
Er - said Harry.
Oh, yeah -pure-blood! said Malfoy, not listening, and a stone door
concealed in the wall slid open. Malfoy marched through it, and
Harry and Ron followed him.
The Slytherin common room was a long, low underground room
with rough stone walls and ceiling from which round, greenish lamps
were hanging on chains. A fire was crackling under an elaborately
carved mantelpiece ahead of them, and several Slytherins were
silhouetted around it in high-backed chairs.
Wait here, said Malfoy to Harry and Ron, motioning them to a pair
of empty chairs set back from the fire. I'll go and get it my father's
just sent it to me -
Wondering what Malfoy was going to show them, Harry and Ron
sat down, doing their best to look at home.
Malfoy came back a minute later, holding what looked like a
newspaper clipping. He thrust it under Ron's nose.
That'll give you a laugh, he said.
Harry saw Ron's eyes widen in shock. He read the clipping quickly,
gave a very forced laugh, and handed it to Harry.
It had been clipped out of the Daily Prophet, and it said:
INQUIRY AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC
Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office,
was today fined fifty Galleons for bewitching a Muggle car.
Mr. Lucius Malfoy, a governor of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry, where the
enchanted car crashed earlier this year, called today for Mr.
Weasley's resignation.
Weasley has brought the Ministry into disrepute, Mr. Malfoy told our
reporter. He is clearly unfit to draw up our laws and his ridiculous
Muggle Protection Act should be scrapped immediately.
Mr. Weasley was unavailable for comment, although his wife told
reporters to clear off or she'd set the family ghoul on them.
Well? said Malfoy impatiently as Harry handed the clipping back to
him. Don't you think it's funny?
Ha, ha, said Harry bleakly.
Arthur Weasley loves Muggles so much he should snap his wand in
half and go and join them, said Malfoy scornfully. You'd never know
the Weasleys were pure-bloods, the way they behave.
Ron's - or rather, Crabbe's - face was contorted with fury.
What's up with you, Crabbe? snapped Malfoy.
Stomachache, Ron grunted.
Well, go up to the hospital wing and give all those Mudbloods a kick
from me, said Malfoy, snickering. You know, I'm surprised the Daily
Prophet hasn't reported all these attacks yet, he went on thoughtfully.
I suppose Dumbledore's trying to hush it all up. He'll be sacked if it
doesn't stop soon. Father's always said old Dumbledore's the worst
thing that's ever happened to this place. He loves Muggle-borns. A
decent headmaster would never've let slime like that Creevey in.
*222*
Malfoy started taking pictures with an imaginary camera and did a
cruel but accurate impression of Colin: `Potter, can I have your
picture, Potter? Can I have your autograph? Can I lick your shoes,
please, Potter?'
He dropped his hands and looked at Harry and Ron.
What's the matter with you two?
Far too late, Harry and Ron forced themselves to laugh, but Malfoy
seemed satisfied; perhaps Crabbe and Goyle were always slow on
the uptake.
Saint Potter, the Mudbloods' friend, said Malfoy slowly. He's
another one with no proper wizard feeling, or he wouldn't go around
with that jumped up Granger Mudblood. And people think he's
Slytherin's heir!
Harry and Ron waited with bated breath: Malfoy was surely seconds
away from telling them it was him - but then
I wish I knew who it is, said Malfoy petulantly. I could help them.
Ron's jaw dropped so that Crabbe looked even more clueless than
usual. Fortunately, Malfoy didn't notice, and Harry, thinking fast,
said, You must have some idea who's behind it all ......
You know I haven't, Goyle, how many times do I have to tell you?
snapped Malfoy. And Father won't tell me anything about the last
time the Chamber was opened either. Of course, it was fifty years
ago, so it was before his time, but he knows all about it, and he says
that it was all kept quiet and it'll look suspicious if I know too much
about it. But I know one thing - last time the Chamber of Secrets
was opened, a Mudblood died. So I bet it's a matter of time before
one of them's killed this time .... I hope it's Granger, he said with
relish.
Ron was clenching Crabbe's gigantic fists. Feeling that it would be a
bit of a giveaway if Ron punched Malfoy, Harry shot him a warning
look and said, D'you know if the person who opened the Chamber
last time was caught?
Oh, yeah ... whoever it was was expelled, said Malfoy. They're
probably still in Azkaban.
Azkaban? said Harry, puzzled.
Azkaban - the wizard prison, Goyle, said Malfoy, looking at him in
disbelief Honestly, if you were any slower, you'd be going
backward.
He shifted restlessly in his chair and said, Father says to keep my
head down and let the Heir of Slytherin get on with it. He says the
school needs ridding of all the Mudblood filth, but not to get mixed
up in it. Of course, he's got a lot on his plate at the moment. You
know the Ministry of Magic raided our manor last week?
Harry tried to force Goyle's dull face into a look of concern.
Yeah. . . said Malfoy. Luckily, they didn't find much. Father's got
some very valuable Dark Arts stuff. But luckily, we've got our own
secret chamber under the drawing-room floor
Ho! said Ron.
Malfoy looked at him. So did Harry. Ron blushed. Even his hair was
turning red. His nose was also slowly lengthening - their hour was
up, Ron was turning back into himself, and from the look of horror
he was suddenly giving Harry, he must be, too.
They both jumped to their feet.
Medicine for my stomach, Ron grunted, and without further ado
they sprinted the length of the Slytherin common room, hurled
themselves at the stone wall, and dashed up the passage, hoping
against hope that Malfoy hadn't noticed anything. Harry
could feel his feet slipping around in Goyle's huge shoes and had to
hoist up his robes as he shrank; they crashed up the steps into the dark
entrance hall, which was full of a muffled pounding coming from the
closet where they'd locked Crabbe and Goyle. Leaving their shoes
outside the closet door, they sprinted in their socks up the marble
staircase toward Moaning Myrtle's bathroom.
Well, it wasn't a complete waste of time, Ron panted, closing the
bathroom door behind them. I know we still haven't found out who's
doing the attacks, but I'm going to write to Dad tomorrow and tell him
to check under the Malfoys' drawing room.
Harry checked his face in the cracked mirror. He was back to normal.
He put his glasses on as Ron hammered on the door of Hermione's
stall.
Hermione, come out, we've got loads to tell you -
Go away! Hermione squeaked.
Harry and Ron looked at each other.
What's the matter? said Ron. You must be back to normal by now,
we are
But Moaning Myrtle glided suddenly through the stall door. Harry had
never seen her looking so happy.
Ooooooh, wait till you see, she said. It's awful-
They heard the lock slide back and Hermione emerged, sobbing, her
robes pulled up over her head.
What's up? said Ron uncertainly. Have you still got Millicent's nose
or something?
Hermione let her robes fall and Ron backed into the sink.
Her face was covered in black fur. Her eyes had turned yellow and
there were long, pointed ears poking through her hair.
It was a c-cat hair! she howled. M-Millicent Bulstrode
*225*
m-must have a cat! And the p-potion isn't supposed to be used for
animal transformations!
Uh-oh, said Ron.
You'll be teased something dreadful, said Myrtle happily.
It's okay, Hermione, said Harry quickly. We'll take you up to the
hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey never asks too many questions ......
It took a long time to persuade Hermione to leave the bathroom.
Moaning Myrtle sped them on their way with a hearty guffaw. Wait
till everyone finds out you've got a tail!
ermione remained in the hospital wing for several weeks. There was a
flurry of rumor about her disappearance when the rest of the school
arrived back from their Christmas holidays, because of course
everyone thought that she had been attacked. So many students filed
past the hospital wing trying to catch a glimpse of her that Madam
Pomfrey took out her curtains again and placed them around
Hermione's bed, to spare her the shame of being seen with a furry
face.
Harry and Ron went to visit her every evening. When the new term
started, they brought her each day's homework.
If Id sprouted whiskers, Id take a break from work, said Ron, tipping
a stack of books onto Hermione's bedside table one evening.
Don't be silly, Ron, I've got to keep up, said Hermione briskly. Her
spirits were greatly improved by the fact that all the hair had
* 21 *
gone from her face and her eyes were turning slowly back to brown.
I don't suppose you've got any new leads? she added in a whisper,
so that Madam Pomfrey couldn't hear her.
Nothing, said Harry gloomily.
I was so sure it was Malfoy, said Ron, for about the hundredth time.
What's that? asked Harry, pointing to something gold sticking out
from under Hermione's pillow.
Just a get well card, said Hermione hastily, trying to poke it out of
sight, but Ron was too quick for her. He pulled it out, flicked it open,
and read aloud:
To Miss Granger, wishing you a speedy recovery, from your concerned
teacher, Professor Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class,
Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five-time winner
of Witch Weekly's Most- Charming-Smile Award. 
Ron looked up at Hermione, disgusted.
You sleep with this under your pillow?
But Hermione was spared answering by Madam Pomfrey sweeping
over with her evening dose of medicine.
Is Lockhart the smarmiest bloke you've ever met, or what? Ron
said to Harry as they left the infirmary and started up the stairs
toward Gryffindor Tower. Snape had given them so much
homework, Harry thought he was likely to be in the sixth year before
he finished it. Ron was just saying he wished he had asked Hermione
how many rat tails you were supposed to add to a HairRaising
Potion when an angry outburst from the floor above reached their
ears.
That's Filch, Harry muttered as they hurried up the stairs and
paused, out of sight, listening hard.
* 228*
You don't think someone else's been attacked? said Ron tensely.
They stood still, their heads inclined toward Flich's voice, which
sounded quite hysterical.
`= even more work for me! Mopping all night, like I haven't got enough to
do! No, this is the final straw, I'm going to Dumbledore -
His footsteps receded along the out-of-sight corridor and they heard a
distant door slam.
They poked their heads around the corner. Filch had clearly been
manning his usual lookout post: They were once again on the spot
where Mrs. Norris had been attacked. They saw at a glance what
Filch had been shouting about. A great flood of water stretched over
half the corridor, and it looked as though it was still seeping from
under the door of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Now that Filch had
stopped shouting, they could hear Myrtle's wails echoing off the
bathroom walls.
Now what's up with her? said Ron.
Let's go and see, said Harry, and holding their robes over their
ankles they stepped through the great wash of water to the door
bearing its OUT OF ORDER sign, ignored it as always, and entered.
Moaning Myrtle was crying, if possible, louder and harder than ever
before. She seemed to be hiding down her usual toilet. It was dark in
the bathroom because the candles had been extinguished in the great
rush of water that had left both walls and floor soaking wet.
What's up, Myrtle? said Harry.
Who's that? glugged Myrtle miserably. Come to throw something
else at me?
Harry waded across to her stall and said, Why would I throw
something at you?
*229*
Don't ask me, Myrtle shouted, emerging with a wave of yet more
water, which splashed onto the already sopping floor. Here I am,
minding my own business, and someone thinks it's funny to throw a
book at me ......
But it can't hurt you if someone throws something at you, said
Harry, reasonably. I mean, it'd just go right through you, wouldn't
it?
He had said the wrong thing. Myrtle puffed herself up and shrieked,
Let's all throw books at Myrtle, because she can't feel it! Ten points
if you can get it through her stomach! Fifty points if it goes through
her head! Well, ha, ha, ha! What a lovely game, I don't think!
Who threw it at you, anyway? asked Harry.
I don't know... I was just sitting in the U-bend, thinking about
death, and it fell right through the top of my head, said Myrtle,
glaring at them. It's over there, it got washed out ......
Harry and Ron looked under the sink where Myrtle was pointing. A
small, thin book lay there. It had a shabby black cover and was as
wet as everything else in the bathroom. Harry stepped forward to
pick it up, but Ron suddenly flung out an arm to hold him back.
What? said Harry.
Are you crazy? said Ron. It could be dangerous.
Dangerous?said Harry, laughing. Come off it, how could it be
dangerous?
You'd be surprised, said Ron, who was looking apprehensively at
the book. Some of the books the Ministry's confiscated Dad's told
me - there was one that burned your eyes out. And
*2%0*
everyone who read Sonnets of a Sorcerer spoke in limericks for the rest
of their lives. And some old witch in Bath had a book that you could
never stop reading! You just had to wander around with your nose in it,
trying to do everything one-handed. And -
All right, I've got the point, said Harry.
The little book lay on the floor, nondescript and soggy.
Well, we won't find out unless we look at it, he said, and he ducked
around Ron and picked it up off the floor.
Harry saw at once that it was a diary, and the faded year on the cover
told him it was fifty years old. He opened it eagerly. On the first page
he could just make out the name T M. Riddle in smudged ink.
Hang on, said Ron, who had approached cautiously and was looking
over Harry's shoulder. I know that name .... T. M. Riddle got an
award for special services to the school fifty years ago.
How on earth d'you know that? said Harry in amazement.
Because Filch made me polish his shield about fifty times in
detention, said Ron resentfully. That was the one I burped slugs all
over. If you'd wiped slime off a name for an hour, you'd remember it,
too.
Harry peeled the wet pages apart. They were completely blank.
There wasn't the faintest trace of writing on any of them, not even
Auntie Mabel's birthday, or dentist, half-past three.
He never wrote in it, said Harry, disappointed.
I wonder why someone wanted to flush it away? said Ron curiously.
Harry turned to the back cover of the book and saw the printed name
of a variety store on Vauxhall Road, London.
*231 *
He must've been Muggle-born, said Harry thoughtfufly. To have
bought a diary from Vauxhall Road ......
Well, it's not much use to you, said Ron. He dropped his voice. Fifty
points if you can get it through Myrtle's nose.
Harry, however, pocketed it.
Hermione left the hospital wing, de-whiskered, tail-less, and furfree, at
the beginning of February. On her first evening back in Gryffindor
Tower, Harry showed her T. M. Riddle's diary and told her the story
of how they had found it.
Oooh, it might have hidden powers, said Hermione enthusiastically,
taking the diary and looking at it closely.
If it has, it's hiding them very well, said Ron. Maybe it's shy. I don't
know why you don't chuck it, Harry.
I wish I knew why someone did try to chuck it, said Harry. I
wouldn't mind knowing how Riddle got an award for special services
to Hogwarts either.
Could've been anything, said Ron. Maybe he got thirty O.WL.s or
saved a teacher from the giant squid. Maybe he murdered Myrtle; that
would've done everyone a favor .....
But Harry could tell from the arrested look on Hermione's face that
she was thinking what he was thinking.
What? said Ron, looking from one to the other.
Well, the Chamber of Secrets was opened fifty years ago, wasn't it?
he said. That's what Malfoy said.
Yeah. . . said Ron slowly.
And this diary is fifty years old, said Hermione, tapping it excitedly.
*232*
a so?
.
Oh, Ron, wake up, snapped Hermione. We know the person who
opened the Chamber last time was expelled fifty years ago. We know
T. M. Riddle got an award for special services to the school fifty years
ago. Well, what if Riddle got his special award for catching the Heir of
Slytherin? His diary would probably tell us everything - where the
Chamber is, and how to open it, and what sort of creature lives in it -
the person who's behind the attacks this time wouldn't want that lying
around, would they?
That's a brilliant theory, Hermione, said Ron, with just one tiny little
flaw. There's nothing written in his diary.
But Hermione was pulling her wand out of her bag.
It might be invisible ink! she whispered.
She tapped the diary three times and said, Aparecium!
Nothing happened. Undaunted, Hermione shoved her hand back into
her bag and pulled out what appeared to be a bright red eraser.
It's a Revealer, I got it in Diagon Alley, she said.
She rubbed hard on January first. Nothing happened.
I'm telling you, there's nothing to find in there, said Ron. Riddle just
got a diary for Christmas and couldn't be bothered filling it in.
Harry couldn't explain, even to himself, why he didn't just throw
Riddle's diary away. The fact was that even though he knew the diary
was blank, he kept absentmindedly picking it up and turning the pages,
as though it were a story he wanted to finish. And while Harry was
sure he had never heard the name T. M. Riddle before, it still seemed
to mean something to him, almost as though
* 233 *
Riddle was a friend he'd had when he was very small, and had
halfforgotten. But this was absurd. He'd never had friends before
Hogwarts, Dudley had made sure of that.
Nevertheless, Harry was determined to find out more about Riddle, so
next day at break, he headed for the trophy room to examine Riddle's
special award, accompanied by an interested Hermione and a
thoroughly unconvinced Ron, who told them he'd seen enough of the
trophy room to last him a lifetime.
Riddle's burnished gold shield was tucked away in a corner cabinet. It
didn't carry details of why it had been given to him (Good thing, too,
or it'd be even bigger and Id still be polishing it, said Ron). However,
they did find Riddle's name on an old Medal for Magical Merit, and on
a list of old Head Boys.
He sounds like Percy, said Ron, wrinkling his nose in disgust.
Prefect, Head Boy ... probably top of every class -
You say that like it's a bad thing, said Hermione in a slightly hurt
voice.
The sun had now begun to shine weakly on Hogwarts again. Inside
the castle, the mood had grown more hopeful. There had been no
more attacks since those on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick, and
Madam Pomfrey was pleased to report that the Mandrakes were
becoming moody and secretive, meaning that they were fast leaving
childhood.
The moment their acne clears up, they'll be ready for repotting again,
Harry heard her telling Filch kindly one afternoon. And after that, it
won't be long until we're cutting them up and stewing them. You'll
have Mrs. Norris back in no time.
* 243 *
Perhaps the Heir of Slytherin had lost his or her nerve, thought Harry.
It must be getting riskier and riskier to open the Chamber of Secrets,
with the school so alert and suspicious. Perhaps the monster,
whatever it was, was even now settling itself down to hibernate for
another fifty years ....
Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff didn't take this cheerful view. He was
still convinced that Harry was the guilty one, that he had given
himself away at the Dueling Club. Peeves wasn't helping matters; he
kept popping up in the crowded corridors singing Oh, Potter, you
rotter . . . now with a dance routine to match.
Gilderoy Lockhart seemed to think he himself had made the attacks
stop. Harry overheard him telling Professor McGonagall so while the
Gryffindors were lining up for Transfiguration.
I don't think there'll be any more trouble, Minerva, he said, tapping
his nose knowingly and winking. I think the Chamber has been locked
for good this time. The culprit must have known it was only a matter
of time before I caught him. Rather sensible to stop now, before I
came down hard on him.
You know, what the school needs now is a morale-booster. Wash
away the memories of last term! I won't say any more just now, but I
think I know just the thing . . . .
He tapped his nose again and strode off.
Lockhart's idea of a morale-booster became clear at breakfast time on
February fourteenth. Harry hadn't had much sleep because of a late-
running Quidditch practice the night before, and he hurried down to
the Great Hall, slightly late. He thought, for a moment, that he'd
walked through the wrong doors.
The walls were all covered with large, lurid pink flowers. Worse
* 235*
still, heart-shaped confetti was falling from the pale blue ceiling. Harry
went over to the Gryffindor table, where Ron was sitting looking
sickened, and Hermione seemed to have been overcome with giggles.
What's going on? Harry asked them, sitting down and wiping confetti
off his bacon.
Ron pointed to the teachers' table, apparently too disgusted to speak.
Lockhart, wearing lurid pink robes to match the decorations, was
waving for silence. The teachers on either side of him were looking
stony-faced. From where he sat, Harry could see a muscle going in
Professor McGonagall's cheek. Snape looked as though someone had
just fed him a large beaker of Skele-Gro.
Happy Valentine's Day! Lockhart shouted. And may I thank the
forty-six people who have so far sent me cards! Yes, I have taken the
liberty of arranging this little surprise for you all - and it doesn't end
here!
Lockhart clapped his hands and through the doors to the entrance hall
marched a dozen surly-looking dwarfs. Not just any dwarfs, however.
Lockhart had them all wearing golden wings and carrying harps.
My friendly, card-carrying cupids! beamed Lockhart. They will be
roving around the school today delivering your valentines! And the fun
doesn't stop here! I'm sure my colleagues will want to enter into the
spirit of the occasion! Why not ask Professor Snape to show you how
to whip up a Love Potion! And while you're at it, Professor Flitwick
knows more about Entrancing Enchantments than any wizard I've
ever met, the sly old dog!
Professor Flitwick buried his face in his hands. Snape was look
* 236
ing as though the first person to ask him for a Love Potion would be
force-fed poison.
Please, Hermione, tell me you weren't one of the forty-six, 51 said Ron
as they left the Great Hall for their first lesson. Hermione suddenly
became very interested in searching her bag for her schedule and
didn't answer.
All day long, the dwarfs kept barging into their classes to deliver
valentines, to the annoyance of the teachers, and late that afternoon as
the Gryffindors were walking upstairs for Charms, one of the dwarfs
caught up with Harry.
Oy, you! 'Arty Potter! shouted a particularly grim-looking dwarf,
elbowing people out of the way to get to Harry.
Hot all over at the thought of being given a valentine in front of a line
of first years, which happened to include Ginny Weasley, Harry tried
to escape. The dwarf, however, cut his way through the crowd by
kicking people's shins, and reached him before he'd gone two paces.
I've got a musical message to deliver to 'Arry Potter in person, he
said, twanging his harp in a threatening sort of way.
Not here, Harry hissed, trying to escape.
Stay still! grunted the dwarf, grabbing hold of Harry's bag and pulling
him back.
Let me go! Harry snarled, tugging.
With a loud ripping noise, his bag split in two. His books, wand,
parchment, and quill spilled onto the floor and his ink bottle smashed
over everything.
Harry scrambled around, trying to pick it all up before the dwarf
started singing, causing something of a holdup in the corridor.
*237*
What's going on here? came the cold, drawling voice of Draco
Malfoy. Harry started stuffing everything feverishly into his ripped
bag, desperate to get away before Malfoy could hear his musical
valentine.
What's all this commotion? said another familiar voice as Percy
Weasley arrived.
Losing his head, Harry tried to make a run for it, but the dwarf
seized him around the knees and brought him crashing to the floor.
Right, he said, sitting on Harry's ankles. Here is your singing
valentine:
His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad,
His hair is as dark as a blackboard.
I wish he was mine, he's really divine,
The hero who conquered the Dark Lord
Harry would have given all the gold in Gringotts to evaporate on the
spot. Trying valiantly to laugh along with everyone else, he got up, his
feet numb from the weight of the dwarf, as Percy Weasley did his
best to disperse the crowd, some of whom were crying with mirth.
Off you go, off you go, the bell rang five minutes ago, off to class,
now, he said, shooing some of the younger students away. And you,
Malfoy-
Harry, glancing over, saw Malfoy stoop and snatch up something.
Leering, he showed it to Crabbe and Goyle, and Harry realized that
he'd got Riddle's diary.
Give that back, said Harry quietly.
Wonder what Potter's written in this? said Malfoy, who obvi
* 238
ously hadn't noticed the year on the cover and thought he had
Harry's own diary. A hush fell over the onlookers. Ginny was staring
from the diary to Harry, looking terrified.
Hand it over, Malfoy, said Percy sternly.
When I've had a look, said Malfoy, waving the diary tauntingly at
Harry.
Percy said, As a school prefect - but Harry had lost his temper. He
pulled out his wand and shouted, Expelliarmus! and just as
Snape had disarmed Lockhart, so Malfoy found the diary shooting
out of his hand into the air. Ron, grinning broadly, caught it.
Harry! said Percy loudly. No magic in the corridors. I'll have to
report this, you know!
But Harry didn't care, he was one-up on Malfoy, and that was worth
five points from Gryffindor any day. Malfoy was looking furious, and
as Ginny passed him to enter her classroom, he yelled spitefully after
her, I don't think Potter liked your valentine much!
Ginny covered her face with her hands and ran into class. Snarling,
Ron pulled out his wand, too, but Harry pulled him away. Ron didn't
need to spend the whole of Charms belching slugs.
It wasn't until they had reached Professor Flitwick's class that Harry
noticed something rather odd about Riddle's diary. All his other
books were drenched in scarlet ink. The diary, however, was as
clean as it had been before the ink bottle had smashed all over it. He
tried to point this out to Ron, but Ron was having trouble with his
wand again; large purple bubbles were blossoming out of the end,
and he wasn't much interested in anything else.
Harry went to bed before anyone else in his dormitory that night. This
was partly because he didn't think he could stand Fred and George
singing, His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad one more time,
and partly because he wanted to examine Riddle's diary again, and
knew that Ron thought he was wasting his time.
Harry sat on his four-poster and flicked through the blank pages, not
one of which had a trace of scarlet ink on it. Then he pulled a new
bottle out of his bedside cabinet, dipped his quill into it, and dropped a
blot onto the first page of the diary.
The ink shone brightly on the paper for a second and then, as though it
was being sucked into the page, vanished. Excited, Harry loaded up
his quill a second time and wrote, My name is Harry Potter.
The words shone momentarily on the page and they, too, sank without
trace. Then, at last, something happened.
Oozing back out of the page, in his very own ink, came words Harry
had never written.
Hello, Harry Potter. My name is Tom Riddle. How did you come by my
diary?
These words, too, faded away, but not before Harry had started to
scribble back.
Someone tried to flush it down a toilet.
He waited eagerly for Riddle's reply.
Lucky that I recorded my memories in some more lasting way than ink.
But I always knew that there would be those who would not want this
diary read. 
What do you mean? Harry scrawled, blotting the page in his
excitement.
*240*
`I mean that this diary holds memories of terrible things. Things that were
covered up. Things that happened at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry. 
That's where I am now, Harry wrote quickly. I'm at Hogwarts, and
horrible stuff's been happening. Do you know anything about the
Chamber of Secrets?
His heart was hammering. Riddle's reply came quickly, his writing
becoming untidier, as though he was hurrying to tell all he knew.
Of course I know about the Chamber of Secrets. In my day, they told us it
was a legend, that it did not exist. But this was a lie. In my fifth year, the
Chamber was opened and the monster attacked several students, finally
killing one. I caught the person whod opened the Chamber and he was
expelled. But the Headmaster, Professor Dippet, ashamed that such a thing
had happened at Hogwarts, forbade me to tell the truth. A story was given
out that thegirl had died in a freak accident. They gave me a nice, shiny,
engraved trophy for my trouble and warned me to keep my mouth shut. But I
knew it could happen again. The monster lived on, and the one who had the
power to release it was not imprisoned. 
Harry nearly upset his ink bottle in his hurry to write back.
It's happening again now. There have been three attacks and no one
seems to know who's behind them. Who was it last time?
I can show you, if you like, came Riddle's reply. You don't have
to take my word for it. I can take you inside my memory of the night
when I caught him. 
Harry hesitated, his quill suspended over the diary. What did Riddle
mean? How could he be taken inside somebody else's memory? He
glanced nervously at the door to the dormitory, which was
*241*
growing dark. When he looked back at the diary, he saw fresh words
forming.
Let me show you. 
Harry paused for a fraction of a second and then wrote two letters.
(40K.55
The pages of the diary began to blow as though caught in a high wind,
stopping halfway through the month of June. Mouth hanging open,
Harry saw that the little square for June thirteenth seemed to have
turned into a miniscule television screen. His hands trembling slightly,
he raised the book to press his eye against the little window, and
before he knew what was happening, he was tilting forward; the
window was widening, he felt his body leave his bed, and he was
pitched headfirst through the opening in the page, into a whirl of color
and shadow.
He felt his feet hit solid ground, and stood, shaking, as the blurred
shapes around him came suddenly into focus.
He knew immediately where he was. This circular room with the
sleeping portraits was Dumbledore's office - but it wasn't Dumbledore
who was sitting behind the desk. A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair, was reading a letter by
candlelight. Harry had never seen this man before.
I'm sorry, he said shakily. I didn't mean to butt in -
But the wizard didn't look up. He continued to read, frowning slightly.
Harry drew nearer to his desk and stammered, Er - I'll just go, shall
I?
Still the wizard ignored him. He didn't seem even to have heard him.
Thinking that the wizard might be deaf, Harry raised his voice.
*242*
Sorry I disturbed you. I'll go now, he half-shouted.
The wizard folded up the letter with a sigh, stood up, walked past
Harry without glancing at him, and went to draw the curtains at his
window.
The sky outside the window was ruby-red; it seemed to be sunset.
The wizard went back to the desk, sat down, and twiddled his thumbs,
watching the door.
Harry looked around the office. No Fawkes the phoenix - no whirring
silver contraptions. This was Hogwarts as Riddle had known it,
meaning that this unknown wizard was Headmaster, not Dumbledore,
and he, Harry, was little more than a phantom, completely invisible to
the people of fifty years ago.
There was a knock on the office door.
Enter, said the old wizard in a feeble voice.
A boy of about sixteen entered, taking off his pointed hat. A silver
prefect's badge was glinting on his chest. He was much taller than
Harry, but he, too, had jet-black hair.
Ah, Riddle, said the Headmaster.
You wanted to see me, Professor Dippet? said Riddle. He looked
nervous.
Sit down, said Dippet. I've just been reading the letter you sent me.
Oh, said Riddle. He sat down, gripping his hands together very
tightly.
My dear boy, said Dipper kindly, I cannot possibly let you stay at
school over the summer. Surely you want to go home for the
holidays?
No, said Riddle at once. Id much rather stay at Hogwarts than go
back to that - to that -
* 243*
You live in a Muggle orphanage during the holidays, I believe? said
Dippet curiously.
Yes, sir, said Riddle, reddening slightly.
You are Muggle-born?
Half-blood, sir, said Riddle. Muggle father, witch mother.
And are both your parents -?
My mother died just after I was born, sir. They told me at the
orphanage she lived just long enough to name me - Tom after my
father, Marvolo after my grandfather.
Dipper clucked his tongue sympathetically.
The thing is, Tom, he sighed, Special arrangements might have
been made for you, but in the current circumstances . . . .
You mean all these attacks, sir? said Riddle, and Harry's heart
leapt, and he moved closer, scared of missing anything.
Precisely, said the headmaster. My dear boy, you must see how
foolish it would be of me to allow you to remain at the castle when
term ends. Particularly in light of the recent tragedy ... the death of
that poor little girl .... You will be safer by far at your orphanage. As
a matter of fact, the Ministry of Magic is even now talking about
closing the school. We are no nearer locating the er - source of all
this unpleasantness . . . .
Riddle's eyes had widened.
Sir - if the person was caught - if it all stopped -
What do you mean? said Dippet with a squeak in his voice, sitting
up in his chair. Riddle, do you mean you know something about
these attacks?
No, sir, said Riddle quickly.
But Harry was sure it was the same sort of no that he himself had
given Dumbledore.
*244*
Dippet sank back, looking faintly disappointed.
You may go, Tom ......
Riddle slid off his chair and slouched out of the room. Harry
followed him.
Down the moving spiral staircase they went, emerging next to the
gargoyle in the darkening corridor. Riddle stopped, and so did
Harry, watching him. Harry could tell that Riddle was doing some
serious thinking. He was biting his lip, his forehead furrowed.
Then, as though he had suddenly reached a decision, he hurried off,
Harry gliding noiselessly behind him. They didn't see another person
until they reached the entrance hall, when a tall wizard with long,
sweeping auburn hair and a beard called to Riddle from the marble
staircase.
What are you doing, wandering around this late, Tom?
Harry gaped at the wizard. He was none other than a fifty-year-
younger Dumbledore.
I had to see the headmaster, sir, said Riddle.
Well, hurry off to bed, said Dumbledore, giving Riddle exactly the
kind of penetrating stare Harry knew so well. Best not to roam the
corridors these days. Not since . . .
He sighed heavily, bade Riddle good night, and strode off. Riddle
watched him walk out of sight and then, moving quickly, headed
straight down the stone steps to the dungeons, with Harry in hot
pursuit.
But to Harry's disappointment, Riddle led him not into a hidden
passageway or a secret tunnel but to the very dungeon in which
Harry had Potions with Snape. The torches hadn't been lit, and when
Riddle pushed the door almost closed, Harry could only just
*2 45 *
see him, standing stock-still by the door, watching the passage outside.
It felt to Harry that they were there for at least an hour. All he could
see was the figure of Riddle at the door, staring through the crack,
waiting like a statue. And just when Harry had stopped feeling
expectant and tense and started wishing he could return to the present,
he heard something move beyond the door.
Someone was creeping along the passage. He heard whoever it was
pass the dungeon where he and Riddle were hidden. Riddle, quiet as a
shadow, edged through the door and followed, Harry tiptoeing behind
him, forgetting that he couldn't be heard.
For perhaps five minutes they followed the footsteps, until Riddle
stopped suddenly, his head inclined in the direction of new noises.
Harry heard a door creak open, and then someone speaking in a
hoarse whisper.
C'mon ... gotta get yeh outta here .... C'mon now ... in the box. . .
There was something familiar about that voice ....
Riddle suddenly jumped around the corner. Harry stepped out behind
him. He could see the dark outline of a huge boy who was crouching
in front of an open door, a very large box next to it.
Evening, Rubeus, said Riddle sharply.
The boy slammed the door shut and stood up.
What yer doin' down here, Tom?
Riddle stepped closer.
It's all over, he said. I'm going to have to turn you in, Rubeus.
They're talking about closing Hogwarts if the attacks don't stop.
4 6
N at d'yeh -
I don't think you meant to kill anyone. But monsters don't make
good pets. I suppose you just let it out for exercise and -
It never killed no one! said the large boy, backing against the
closed door. From behind him, Harry could hear a funny rustling and
clicking.
Come on, Rubeus, said Riddle, moving yet closer. The dead girl's
parents will be here tomorrow. The least Hogwarts can do is make
sure that the thing that killed their daughter is slaughtered ......
It wasn't him! roared the boy, his voice echoing in the dark
passage. He wouldn'! He never!
Stand aside, said Riddle, drawing out his wand.
His spell lit the corridor with a sudden flaming light. The door behind
the large boy flew open with such force it knocked him into the wall
opposite. And out of it came something that made Harry let out a
long, piercing scream unheard by anyone
A vast, low-slung, hairy body and a tangle of black legs; a gleam of
many eyes and a pair of razor-sharp pincers - Riddle raised his
wand again, but he was too late. The thing bowled him over as it
scuttled away, tearing up the corridor and out of sight. Riddle
scrambled to his feet, looking after it; he raised his wand, but the
huge boy leapt on him, seized his wand, and threw him back down,
yelling, NO000000!
The scene whirled, the darkness became complete; Harry felt himself
falling and, with a crash, he landed spread-eagled on his four-poster
in the Gryffindor dormitory, Riddle's diary lying open on his stomach.
*24 7*
Before he had had time to regain his breath, the dormitory door
opened and Ron came in.
There you are, he said.
Harry sat up. He was sweating and shaking.
What's up? said Ron, looking at him with concern.
It was Hagrid, Ron. Hagrid opened the Chamber of Secrets fifty
years ago.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione had always known that Hagrid had an
unfortunate liking for large and monstrous creatures. During their first
year at Hogwarts he had tried to raise a dragon in his little wooden
house, and it would be a long time before they forgot the giant, three-
headed dog he'd christened Fluffy. And if, as a boy, Hagrid had
heard that a monster was hidden somewhere in the castle, Harry was
sure he'd have gone to any lengths for a glimpse of it. He'd probably
thought it was a shame that the monster had been cooped up so
long, and thought it deserved the chance to stretch its many legs;
Harry could just imagine the thirteen-year-old Hagrid trying to fit a
leash and collar on it. But he was equally certain that Hagrid would
never have meant to kill anybody.
Harry half wished he hadn't found out how to work Riddle's diary.
Again and again Ron and Hermione made him recount what
he'd seen, until he was heartily sick of telling them and sick of the
long, circular conversations that followed.
Riddle might have got the wrong person, said Hermione. Maybe it
was some other monster that was attacking people . . . .
How many monsters d'you think this place can hold? Ron asked
dully.
We always knew Hagrid had been expelled, said Harry miserably.
And the attacks must've stopped after Hagrid was kicked out.
Otherwise, Riddle wouldn't have got his award.
Ron tried a different tack.
Riddle does sound like Percy - who asked him to squeal on Hagrid,
anyway?
But the monster had killed someone, Ron, said Hermione.
And Riddle was going to go back to some Muggle orphanage if they
closed Hogwarts, said Harry. I don't blame him for wanting to stay
here ......
You met Hagrid down Knockturn Alley, didn't you, Harry?
He was buying a Flesh-Eating Slug Repellent, said Harry quickly.
The three of them fell silent. After a long pause, Hermione voiced the
knottiest question of all in a hesitant voice.
Do you think we should go and ask Hagrid about it all?
That'd be a cheerful visit, said Ron. 'Hello, Hagrid. Tell us, have
you been setting anything mad and hairy loose in the castle lately?'
In the end, they decided that they would not say anything to Hagrid
unless there was another attack, and as more and more days went by
with no whisper from the disembodied voice, they became
hopeful that they would never need to talk to him about why he had
been expelled. It was now nearly four months since Justin and Nearly
Headless Nick had been Petrified, and nearly everybody seemed to
think that the attacker, whoever it was, had retired for good. Peeves
had finally got bored of his Oh, Potter, you rotter song, Ernie
Macmillan asked Harry quite politely to pass a bucket of leaping
toadstools in Herbology one day, and in March several of the
Mandrakes threw a loud and raucous party in greenhouse three. This
made Professor Sprout very happy.
The moment they start trying to move into each other's pots, we'll
know they're fully mature, she told Harry. Then we'll be able to
revive those poor people in the hospital wing.
The second years were given something new to think about during
their Easter holidays. The time had come to choose their subjects for
the third year, a matter that Hermione, at least, took very seriously.
it could affect our whole future, she told Harry and Ron as they
pored over lists of new subjects, marking them with checks.
I just want to give up Potions, said Harry.
We can't, said Ron gloomily. We keep all our old subjects, or I'd've
ditched Defense Against the Dark Arts.
But that's very important! said Hermione, shocked.
Not the way Lockhart teaches it, said Ron. I haven't learned
anything from him except not to set pixies loose.
Neville Longbottom had been sent letters from all the witches and
wizards in his family, all giving him different advice on what to
choose. Confused and worried, he sat reading the subject lists with
his tongue poking out, asking people whether they thought Arithmancy
sounded more difficult than the study of Ancient Runes. Dean
Thomas, who, like Harry, had grown up with Muggles, ended up
closing his eyes and jabbing his wand at the list, then picking the
subjects it landed on. Hermione took nobody's advice but signed up for
everything.
Harry smiled grimly to himself at the thought of what Uncle Vernon
and Aunt Petunia would say if he tried to discuss his career in
wizardry with them. Not that he didn't get any guidance: Percy
Weasley was eager to share his experience.
Depends where you want to go, Harry, he said. It's never too early
to think about the future, so Id recommend Divination. People say
Muggle Studies is a soft option, but I personally think wizards should
have a thorough understanding of the non-magical community,
particularly if they're thinking of working in close contact with them -
look at my father, he has to deal with Muggle business all the time. My
brother Charlie was always more of an outdoor type, so he went for
Care of Magical Creatures. Play to your strengths, Harry.
But the only thing Harry felt he was really good at was Quidditch. In
the end, he chose the same new subjects as Ron, feeling that if he was
lousy at them, at least he'd have someone friendly to help him.
Gryffindor's next Quidditch match would be against Hufflepuff. Wood
was insisting on team practices every night after dinner, so that Harry
barely had time for anything but Quidditch and homework. However,
the training sessions were getting better, or at least
drier, and the evening before Saturday's match he went up to his
dormitory to drop off his broomstick feeling Gryffindor's chances for
the Quidditch cup had never been better.
But his cheerful mood didn't last long. At the top of the stairs to the
dormitory, he met Neville Longbottom, who was looking frantic.
Harry - I don't know who did it - I just found -
Watching Harry fearfully, Neville pushed open the door.
The contents of Harry's trunk had been thrown everywhere. His
cloak lay ripped on the floor. The bedclothes had been pulled off his
four-poster and the drawer had been pulled out of his bedside
cabinet, the contents strewn over the mattress.
Harry walked over to the bed, open-mouthed, treading on a few
loose pages of Travels with Trolls. As he and Neville pulled the
blankets back onto his bed, Ron, Dean, and Seamus came in. Dean
swore loudly.
What happened, Harry?
No idea, said Harry. But Ron was examining Harry's robes. All the
pockets were hanging out.
Someone's been looking for something, said Ron. Is there anything
missing?
Harry started to pick up all his things and throw them into his trunk.
It was only as he threw the last of the Lockhart books back into it
that he realized what wasn't there.
Riddle's diary's gone, he said in an undertone to Ron.
What?
Harry jerked his head toward the dormitory door and Ron followed
him out. They hurried down to the Gryffindor common
room, which was half-empty, and joined Hermione, who was sitting
alone, reading a book called Ancient Runes Made Easy.
Hermione looked aghast at the news.
But - only a Gryffindor could have stolen - nobody else knows our
password -
Exactly, said Harry.
They woke the next day to brilliant sunshine and a light, refreshing
breeze.
Perfect Quidditch conditions! said Wood enthusiastically at the
Gryffindor table, loading the team's plates with scrambled eggs.
Harry, buck up there, you need a decent breakfast.
Harry had been staring down the packed Gryffindor table, wondering
if the new owner of Riddle's diary was right in front of his eyes.
Hermione had been urging him to report the robbery, but Harry didn't
like the idea. He'd have to tell a teacher all about the diary, and how
many people knew why Hagrid had been expelled fifty years ago? He
didn't want to be the one who brought it all up again.
As he left the Great Hall with Ron and Hermione to go and collect his
Quidditch things, another very serious worry was added to Harry's
growing list. He had just set foot on the marble staircase when he
heard it yet again
Kill this time ... let me rip ... tear. . .
He shouted aloud and Ron and Hermione both jumped away from him
in alarm.
The voice! said Harry, -looking over his shoulder. I just heard it
again - didn't you?
Ron shook his head, wide-eyed. Hermione, however, clapped a
hand to her forehead.
Harry - I think I've just understood something! I've got to go to the
library!
And she sprinted away, up the stairs.
What does she understand? said Harry distractedly, still looking
around, trying to tell where the voice had come from.
Loads more than I do, said Ron, shaking his head.
But why's she got to go to the library?
Because that's what Hermione does, said Ron, shrugging. When in
doubt, go to the library.
Harry stood, irresolute, trying to catch the voice again, but people
were now emerging from the Great Hall behind him, talking loudly,
exiting through the front doors on their way to the Quidditch pitch.
You'd better get moving, said Ron. It's nearly eleven - the match -
Harry raced up to Gryffindor Tower, collected his Nimbus Two
Thousand, and joined the large crowd swarming across the grounds,
but his mind was still in the castle along with the bodiless voice, and
as he pulled on his scarlet robes in the locker. room, his only comfort
was that everyone was now outside to watch the game.
The teams walked onto the field to tumultuous applause. Oliver
Wood took off for a warm-up flight around the goal posts; Madam
Hooch released the balls. The Hufflepuffs, who played in canary
yellow, were standing in a huddle, having a last-minute discussion of
tactics.
Harry was just mounting his broom when Professor McGonagall
came half marching, half running across the pitch, carrying an
enormous purple megaphone.
Harry's heart dropped like a stone.
This match has been cancelled, Professor McGonagall called
through the megaphone, addressing the packed stadium. There were
boos and shouts. Oliver Wood, looking devastated, landed and ran
toward Professor McGonagall without getting off his broomstick.
But, Professor! he shouted. We've got to play - the cup
Gryffindor -
Professor McGonagall ignored him and continued to shout through her
megaphone:
All students are to make their way back to the House common
rooms, where their Heads of Houses will give them further
information. As quickly as you can, please!
Then she lowered the megaphone and beckoned Harry over to her.
Potter, I think you'd better come with me ......
Wondering how she could possibly suspect him this time, Harry saw
Ron detach himself from the complaining crowd; he came running up
to them as they set off toward the castle. To Harry's surprise,
Professor McGonagall didn't object.
Yes, perhaps you'd better come, too, Weasley .....
Some of the students swarming around them were grumbling about
the match being canceled; others looked worried. Harry and Ron
followed Professor McGonagall back into the school and up the
marble staircase. But they weren't taken to anybody's office this time.
This will be a bit of a shock, said Professor McGonagall in a
surprisingly gentle voice as they approached the infirmary. There has
been another attack ... another double attack.
Harry's insides did a horrible somersault. Professor McGonagall
pushed the door open and he and Ron entered. .
Madam Pomfrey was bending over a fifth-year girl with long, curly
hair. Harry recognized her as the Ravenclaw they'd accidentally
asked for directions to the Slytherin common room. And on the bed
next to her was
Hermione! Ron groaned.
Hermione lay utterly still, her eyes open and glassy.
They were found near the library, said Professor McGonagall. I
don't suppose either of you can explain this? It was on the floor next
to them ......
She was holding up a small, circular mirror.
Harry and Ron shook their heads, both staring at Hermione.
I will escort you back to Gryffindor Tower, said Professor
McGonagall heavily. I need to address the students in any case.
All students will return to their House common rooms by six o'clock
in the evening. No student is to leave the dormitories after that time.
You will be escorted to each lesson by a teacher. No student is to use
the bathroom unaccompanied by a teacher. All further Quidditch
training and matches are to be postponed. There will be no more
evening activities.
The Gryffindors packed inside the common room listened to Professor
McGonagall in silence. She rolled up the parchment
from which she had been reading and said in a somewhat choked
voice, I need hardly add that I have rarely been so distressed. It is
likely that the school will be closed unless the culprit behind these
attacks is caught. I would urge anyone who thinks they might know
anything about them to come forward.
She climbed somewhat awkwardly out of the portrait hole, and the
Gryffindors began talking immediately.
That's two Gryffindors down, not counting a Gryffindor ghost, one
Ravenclaw, and one Hufflepuff, said the Weasley twins' friend Lee
Jordan, counting on his fingers. Haven't any of the teachers noticed
that the Slytherins are all safe? Isn't it obvious all this stuff's coming
from Slytherin? The Heir of Slytherin, the monster of Slytherin - why
don't they just chuck all the Slytherins out? he roared, to nods and
scattered applause.
Percy Weasley was sitting in a chair behind Lee, but for once he didn't
seem keen to make his views heard. He was looking pale and stunned.
Percy's in shock, George told Harry quietly. That Ravenclaw girl -
Penelope Clearwater - she's a prefect. I don't think he thought the
monster would dare attack a prefect.
But Harry was only half-listening. He didn't seem to be able to get rid
of the picture of Hermione, lying on the hospital bed as though carved
out of stone. And if the culprit wasn't caught soon, he was looking at a
lifetime back with the Dursleys. Tom Riddle had turned Hagrid in
because he was faced with the prospect of a Muggle orphanage if the
school closed. Harry now knew exactly how he had felt.
What're we going to do? said Ron quietly in Harry's ear. D'you
think they suspect Hagrid?
We've got to go and talk to him, said Harry, making up his
mind. I can't believe it's him this time, but if he set the monster
loose last time he'll know how to get inside the Chamber of Secrets,
and that's a start.
But McGonagall said we've got to stay in our tower unless we're
in class -
I think, said Harry, more quietly still, it's time to get my dad's
old cloak out again.
Harry had inherited) ust one thing from his father: a long and sil
very Invisibility Cloak. It was their only chance of sneaking out of
the school to visit Hagrid without anyone knowing about it. They
went to bed at the usual time, waited until Neville, Dean, and Sea
mus had stopped discussing the Chamber of Secrets and finally
fallen asleep, then got up, dressed again, and threw the cloak over
themselves.
The journey through the dark and deserted castle corridors
wasn't enjoyable. Harry, who had wandered the castle at night sev
eral times before, had never seen it so crowded after sunset. Teach
ers, prefects, and ghosts were marching the corridors in pairs,
staring around for any unusual activity. Their Invisibility Cloak
didn't stop them making any noise, and there was a particularly
tense moment when Ron stubbed his toe only yards from the spot
where Snape stood standing guard. Thankfully, Snape sneezed at
almost exactly the moment Ron swore. It was with relief that they
reached the oak front doors and eased them open.
It was a clear, starry night. They hurried toward the lit windows
of Hagrid's house and pulled off the cloak only when they were
right outside his front door.
Seconds after they had knocked, Hagrid flung it open. They found
themselves face-to-face with him aiming a crossbow at them. Fang
the boarhound barked loudly behind him.
Oh, he said, lowering the weapon and staring at them. What're
you two doin' here?
What's that for? said Harry, pointing at the crossbow as they
stepped inside.
Nothin' - nothin' - Hagrid muttered. I've bin expectin' doesn'
matter - Sit down - I'll make tea -
He hardly seemed to know what he was doing. He nearly
extinguished the fire, spilling water from the kettle on it, and then
smashed the teapot with a nervous jerk of his massive hand.
Are you okay, Hagrid? said Harry. Did you hear about
Hermione?
Oh, I heard, all righ', said Hagrid, a slight break in his voice.
He kept glancing nervously at the windows. He poured them both
large mugs of boiling water (he had forgotten to add tea bags) and
was just putting a slab of fruitcake on a plate when there was a loud
knock on the door.
Hagrid dropped the fruitcake. Harry and Ron exchanged
panicstricken looks, then threw the Invisibility Cloak back over
themselves and retreated into a corner. Hagrid checked that they
were hidden, seized his crossbow, and flung open his door once
more.
Good evening, Hagrid.
It was Dumbledore. He entered, looking deadly serious, and was
followed by a second, very odd-looking man.
The stranger had rumpled gray hair and an anxious expression, and
was wearing a strange mixture of clothes: a pinstriped suit, a
scarlet tie, a long black cloak, and pointed purple boots. Under his arm
he carried a lime-green bowler.
That's Dad's boss! Ron breathed. Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of
Magic!
Harry elbowed Ron hard to make him shut up.
Hagrid had gone pale and sweaty. He dropped into one of his chairs
and looked from Dumbledore to Cornelius Fudge.
Bad business, Hagrid, said Fudge in rather clipped tones. Very bad
business. Had to come. Four attacks on Muggle-borns. Things've gone
far enough. Ministry's got to act.
I never, said Hagrid, looking imploringly at Dumbledore. You know I
never, Professor Dumbledore, sir -
I want it understood, Cornelius, that Hagrid has my full confidence,
said Dumbledore, frowning at Fudge.
Look, Albus, said Fudge, uncomfortably. Hagrid's record's against
him. Ministry's got to do something - the school governors have been
in touch -
Yet again, Cornelius, I tell you that taking Hagrid away will not help
in the slightest, said Dumbledore. His blue eyes were full of a fire
Harry had never seen before.
Look at it from my point of view, said Fudge, fidgeting with his
bowler. I'm under a lot of pressure. Got to be seen to be doing
something. If it turns out it wasn't Hagrid, he'll be back and no more
said. But I've got to take him. Got to. Wouldn't be doing my duty -
Take me? said Hagrid, who was trembling. Take me where?
For a short stretch only, said Fudge, not meeting Hagrid's eyes. Not
a punishment, Hagrid, more a precaution. If someone else is caught,
you'll be let out with a full apology -
Not Azkaban? croaked Hagrid.
Before Fudge could answer, there was another loud rap on the door.
Dumbledore answered it. It was Harry's turn for an elbow in the ribs;
he'd let out an audible gasp.
Mr. Lucius Malfoy strode into Hagrid's hut, swathed in a long black
traveling cloak, smiling a cold and satisfied smile. Fang started to
growl.
Already here, Fudge, he said approvingly. Good, good. . .
What're you doin' here? said Hagrid furiously. Get outta my house!
My dear man, please believe me, I have no pleasure at all in being
inside your - er - d'you call this a house? said Lucius Malfoy, sneering
as he looked around the small cabin. I simply called at the school and
was told that the headmaster was here.
And what exactly did you want with me, Lucius? said Dumbledore.
He spoke politely, but the fire was still blazing in his blue eyes.
Dreadful thing, Dumbledore, said Malfoy lazily, taking out a long roll
of parchment, but the governors feel it's time for you to step aside.
This is an Order of Suspension - you'll find all twelve signatures on it.
I'm afraid we feel you're losing your touch. How many attacks have
there been now? Two more this afternoon, wasn't it? At this rate,
there'll be no Muggle-borns left at Hogwarts, and we all know what
an awful loss that would be to the school.
Oh, now, see here, Lucius, said Fudge, looking alarmed,
Dumbledore suspended - no, no - last thing we want just now
The appointment - or suspension - of the headmaster is a matter for
the governors, Fudge, said Mr. Malfoy smoothly. And as
Dumbledore has failed to stop these attacks -
See here, Malfoy, if Dumbledore can't stop them, said Fudge, whose
upper lip was sweating now, I mean to say, who can?
That remains to be seen, said Mr. Malfoy with a nasty smile. But as
all twelve of us have voted -
Hagrid leapt to his feet, his shaggy black head grazing the ceiling.
'An' how many did yeh have ter threaten an' blackmail before they
agreed, Malfoy, eh? he roared.
Dear, dear, you know, that temper of yours will lead you into trouble
one of these days, Hagrid, said Mr. Malfoy. I would advise you not
to shout at the Azkaban guards like that. They won't like it at all.
Yeh can' take Dumbledore! yelled Hagrid, making Fang the
boarhound cower and whimper in his basket. Take him away, an' the
Muggle-borns won' stand a chance! There'll be killin' next!
Calm yourself, Hagrid, said Dumbledore sharply. He looked at
Lucius Malfoy.
If the governors want my removal, Lucius, I shall of course step aside
But - stuttered Fudge.
No!growled Hagrid.
Dumbledore had not taken his bright blue eyes off Lucius Malfoy's
cold gray ones.
However, said Dumbledore, speaking very slowly and clearly so that
none of them could miss a word, you will find that I will
* 26$*
ummer was creeping over the grounds around the castle; sky and lake
alike turned periwinkle blue and flowers large as cabbages burst into
bloom in the greenhouses. But with no Hagrid visible from the castle
windows, striding the grounds with Fang at his heels, the scene didn't
look right to Harry; no better, in fact, than the inside of the castle,
where things were so horribly wrong.
Harry and Ron had tried to visit Hermione, but visitors were now
barred from the hospital wing.
We're taking no more chances, Madam Pomfrey told them severely
through a crack in the infirmary door. No, I'm sorry, there's every
chance the attacker might come back to finish these people off . . .
With Dumbledore gone, fear had spread as never before, so that the
sun warming the castle walls outside seemed to stop at the mullioned
windows. There was barely a face to be seen in the school
* 265*
that didn't look worried and tense, and any laughter that rang through
the corridors sounded shrill and unnatural and was quickly stifled.
Harry constantly repeated Dumbledore's final words to himself I will
only truly have left this school when none here are loyal to me... Help will
always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it. But what good
were these words? Who exactly were they supposed to ask for help,
when everyone was just as confused and scared as they were?
Hagrid's hint about the spiders was far easier to understand the
trouble was, there didn't seem to be a single spider left in the castle to
follow. Harry looked everywhere he went, helped (rather reluctantly)
by Ron. They were hampered, of course, by the fact that they weren't
allowed to wander off on their own but had to move around the castle
in a pack with the other Gryffindors. Most of their fellow students
seemed glad that they were being shepherded from class to class by
teachers, but Harry found it very irksome.
One person, however, seemed to be thoroughly enjoying the
atmosphere of terror and suspicion. Draco Malfoy was strutting
around the school as though he had just been appointed Head Boy.
Harry didn't realize what he was so pleased about until the Potions
lesson about two weeks after Dumbledore and Hagrid had left, when,
sitting right behind Malfoy, Harry overheard him gloating to Crabbe
and Goyle.
I always thought Father might be the one who got rid of
Dumbledore, he said, not troubling to keep his voice down. I told you
he thinks Dumbledore's the worst headmaster the school's ever
*266*
had. Maybe we'll get a decent headmaster now. Someone who won't
want the Chamber of Secrets closed. McGonagall won't last long,
she's only filling in ......
Snape swept past Harry, making no comment about Hermione's
empty seat and cauldron.
Sir, said Malfoy loudly. Sir, why don't you apply for the
headmaster's job?
Now, now, Malfoy, said Snape, though he couldn't suppress a thin-
lipped smile. Professor Dumbledore has only been suspended by the
governors. I daresay he'll be back with us soon enough.
Yeah, right, said Malfoy, smirking. I expect you'd have Father's
vote, sir, if you wanted to apply for the job - I'll tell Father you're the
best teacher here, sir -
Snape smirked as he swept off around the dungeon, fortunately not
spotting Seamus Finnigan, who was pretending to vomit into his
cauldron.
I'm quite surprised the Mudbloods haven't all packed their bags by
now, Malfoy went on. Bet you five Galleons the next one dies. Pity
it wasn't Granger -
The bell rang at that moment, which was lucky; at Malfoy's last
words, Ron had leapt off his stool, and in the scramble to collect bags
and books, his attempts to reach Malfoy went unnoticed.
Let me at him, Ron growled as Harry and Dean hung onto his arms.
I don't care, I don't need my wand, I'm going to kill him with my bare
hands -
Hurry up, I've got to take you all to Herbology, barked Snape over
the class's heads, and off they marched, with Harry, Ron, and Dean
bringing up the rear, Ron still trying to get loose. It was only
* 261*
safe to let go of him when Snape had seen them out of the castle and
they were making their way across the vegetable patch toward the
greenhouses.
The Herbology class was very subdued; there were now two missing
from their number, Justin and Hermione.
Professor Sprout set them all to work pruning the Abyssinian
Shrivelfigs. Harry went to tip an armful of withered stalks onto the
compost heap and found himself face-to-face with Ernie Macmillan.
Ernie took a deep breath and said, very formally, I just want to say,
Harry, that I'm sorry I ever suspected you. I know you'd never attack
Hermione Granger, and I apologize for all the stuff I said. We're all in
the same boat now, and, well -
He held out a pudgy hand, and Harry shook it.
Ernie and his friend Hannah came to work at the same Shrivelfig as
Harry and Ron.
That Draco Malfoy character, said Ernie, breaking off dead twigs,
he seems very pleased about all this, doesn't he? D'you know, I think
he might be Slytherin's heir.
That's clever of you, said Ron, who didn't seem to have forgiven
Ernie as readily as Harry.
Do you think it's Malfoy, Harry? Ernie asked.
No, said Harry, so firmly that Ernie and Hannah stared.
A second later, Harry spotted something.
Several large spiders were scuttling over the ground on the other side
of the glass, moving in an unnaturally straight line as though taking the
shortest route to a prearranged meeting. Harry hit Ron over the hand
with his pruning shears.
Ouch! What're you -
Harry pointed out the spiders, following their progress with his eyes
screwed up against the sun.
Oh, yeah, said Ron, trying, and failing, to look pleased. But we can't
follow them now -
Ernie and Hannah were listening curiously.
Harry's eyes narrowed as he focused on the spiders. If they pursued
their fixed course, there could be no doubt about where they would
end up.
Looks like they're heading for the Forbidden Forest . . . .
And Ron looked even unhappier about that.
At the end of the lesson Professor Sprout escorted the class to their
Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. Harry and Ron lagged behind
the others so they could talk out of earshot.
We'll have to use the Invisibility Cloak again, Harry told Ron. We
can take Fang with us. He's used to going into the forest with Hagrid,
he might be some help.
Right, said Ron, who was twirling his wand nervously in his fingers.
Er - aren't there - aren't there supposed to be werewolves in the
forest? he added as they took their usual places at the back of
Lockhart's classroom.
Preferring not to answer that question, Harry said, There are good
things in there, too. The centaurs are all right, and the unicorns ...
Ron had never been into the Forbidden Forest before. Harry had
entered it only once and had hoped never to do so again.
Lockhart bounded into the room and the class stared at him. Every
other teacher in the place was looking grimmer than usual, but
Lockhart appeared nothing short of buoyant.
2 69
Come now, he cried, beaming around him. Why all these long
faces?
People swapped exasperated looks, but nobody answered.
Don't you people realize, said Lockhart, speaking slowly, as though
they were all a bit dim, the danger has passed! The culprit has been
taken away -
Says who? said Dean Thomas loudly.
My dear young man, the Minister of Magic wouldn't have taken
Hagrid if he hadn't been one hundred percent sure that he was guilty,
said Lockhart, in the tone of someone explaining that one and one
made two.
Oh, yes he would, said Ron, even more loudly than Dean.
I flatter myself I know a touch more about Hagrid's arrest than you
do, Mr. Weasley, said Lockhart in a self-satisfied tone.
Ron started to say that he didn't think so, somehow, but stopped in
midsentence when Harry kicked him hard under the desk.
We weren't there, remember? Harry muttered.
But Lockhart's disgusting cheeriness, his hints that he had always
thought Hagrid was no good, his confidence that the whole business
was now at an end, irritated Harry so much that he yearned to throw
Gadding with Ghouls right in Lockhart's stupid face. Instead he
contented himself with scrawling a note to Ron: Let's do it tonight.
Ron read the message, swallowed hard, and looked sideways at the
empty seat usually filled by Hermione. The sight seemed to stiffen his
resolve, and he nodded.
The Gryffindor common room was always very crowded these days,
because from six o'clock onward the Gryffindors had no -
*270*
where else to go. They also had plenty to talk about, with the result
that the common room often didn't empty until past midnight.
Harry went to get the Invisibility Cloak out of his trunk right after
dinner, and spent the evening sitting on it, waiting for the room to
clear. Fred and George challenged Harry and Ron to a few games of
Exploding Snap, and Ginny sat watching them, very subdued in
Hermione's usual chair. Harry and Ron kept losing on purpose, trying
to finish the games quickly, but even so, it was well past midnight
when Fred, George, and Ginny finally went to bed.
Harry and Ron waited for the distant sounds of two dormitory doors
closing before seizing the cloak, throwing it over themselves, and
climbing through the portrait hole.
It was another difficult journey through the castle, dodging all the
teachers. At last they reached the entrance hall, slid back the lock on
the oak front doors, squeezed between them, trying to stop any
creaking, and stepped out into the moonlit grounds.
Course, said Ron abruptly as they strode across the black grass,
we might get to the forest and find there's nothing to follow. Those
spiders might not've been going there at all. I know it looked like they
were moving in that sort of general direction, but. . .
His voice trailed away hopefully.
They reached Hagrid's house, sad and sorry-looking with its blank
windows. When Harry pushed the door open, Fang went mad with joy
at the sight of them. Worried he might wake everyone at the castle
with his deep, booming barks, they hastily fed him treacle fudge from
a tin on the mantelpiece, which glued his teeth together.
Harry left the Invisibility Cloak on Hagrid's table. There would be no
need for it in the pitch-dark forest.
* 21:L *
C'mon, Fang, we're going for a walk, said Harry, patting his leg, and
Fang bounded happily out of the house behind them, dashed to the
edge of the forest, and lifted his leg against a large sycamore tree.
Harry took out his wand, murmured, Lumos! and a tiny light
appeared at the end of it, just enough to let them watch the path for
signs of spiders.
Good thinking, said Ron. Id light mine, too, but you know - it'd
probably blow up or something ......
Harry tapped Ron on the shoulder, pointing at the grass. Two solitary
spiders were hurrying away from the wandlight into the shade of the
trees.
Okay, Ron sighed as though resigned to the worst, I'm ready. Let's
go.
So, with Fang scampering around them, sniffing tree roots and leaves,
they entered the forest. By the glow of Harry's wand, they followed
the steady trickle of spiders moving along the path. They walked
behind them for about twenty minutes, not speaking, listening hard for
noises other than breaking twigs and rustling leaves. Then, when the
trees had become thicker than ever, so that the stars overhead were
no longer visible, and Harry's wand shone alone in the sea of dark,
they saw their spider guides leaving the path.
Harry paused, trying to see where the spiders were going, but
everything outside his little sphere of *light was pitch-black. He had
never been this deep into the forest before. He could vividly
remember Hagrid advising him not to leave the forest path last time
he'd been in here. But Hagrid was miles away now, probably sitting in
a cell in Azkaban, and he had also said to follow the spiders.
* 2-V2 *
Something wet touched Harry's hand and he jumped backward,
crushing Rods foot, but it was only Fang's nose.
What d'you reckon? Harry said to Ron, whose eyes he could just
make out, reflecting the light from his wand.
We've come this far, said Ron.
So they followed the darting shadows of the spiders into the trees.
They couldn't move very quickly now; there were tree roots and
stumps in their way, barely visible in the near blackness. Harry could
feel Fang's hot breath on his hand. More than once, they had to stop,
so that Harry could crouch down and find the spiders in the wandlight.
They walked for what seemed like at least half an hour, their robes
snagging on low-slung branches and brambles. After a while, they
noticed that the ground seemed to be sloping downward, though the
trees were as thick as ever.
Then Fang suddenly let loose a great, echoing bark, making both Harry
and Ron jump out of their skins.
What? said Ron loudly, looking around into the pitch-dark, and
gripping Harry's elbow very hard.
There's something moving over there, Harry breathed. Listen ...
sounds like something big ......
They listened. Some distance to their right, the something big was
snapping branches as it carved a path through the trees.
Oh, no, said Ron. Oh, no, oh, no, oh -
Shut up, said Harry frantically. It'll hear you.
Hear me? said Ron in an unnaturally high voice. It's already heard
Fang!
The darkness seemed to be pressing on their eyeballs as they
* 273*
stood, terrified, waiting. There was a strange rumbling noise and then
silence.
What d'you think it's doing? said Harry.
Probably getting ready to pounce, said Ron.
They waited, shivering, hardly daring to move.
D'you think it's gone? Harry whispered.
Dunno -
Then, to their right, came a sudden blaze of light, so bright in the
darkness that both of them flung up their hands to shield their eyes.
Fang yelped and tried to run, but got lodged in a tangle of thorns and
yelped even louder.
Harry! Ron shouted, his voice breaking with relief Harry, it's our
car!
What?
Come on!
Harry blundered after Ron toward the light, stumbling and tripping,
and a moment later they had emerged into a clearing.
Mr. Weasley's car was standing, empty, in the middle of a circle of
thick trees under a roof of dense branches, its headlights ablaze. As
Ron walked, open-mouthed, toward it, it moved slowly toward him,
exactly like a large, turquoise dog greeting its owner.
It's been here all the time! said Ron delightedly, walking around the
car. Look at it. The forest's turned it wild . . . .
The sides of the car were scratched and smeared with mud.
Apparently it had taken to trundling around the forest on its own.
Fang didn't seem at all keen on it; he kept close to Harry, who could
feel him quivering. His breathing slowing down again, Harry stuffed
his wand back into his robes.
*214*
And we thought it was going to attack us! said Ron, leaning against
the car and patting it. I wondered where it had gone!
Harry squinted around on the floodlit ground for signs of more spiders,
but they had all scuttled away from the glare of the headlights.
We've lost the trail, he said. C'mon, let's go and find them.
Ron didn't speak. He didn't move. His eyes were fixed on a point
some ten feet above the forest floor, right behind Harry. His face was
livid with terror.
Harry didn't even have time to turn around. There was a loud clicking
noise and suddenly he felt something long and hairy seize him around
the middle and lift him off the ground, so that he was hanging
facedown. Struggling, terrified, he heard more clicking, and saw Ron's
legs leave the ground, too, heard Fang whimpering and howling - next
moment, he was being swept away into the dark trees.
Head hanging, Harry saw that what had hold of him was marching on
six immensely long, hairy legs, the front two clutching him tightly below
a pair of shining black pincers. Behind him, he could hear another of
the creatures, no doubt carrying Ron. They were moving into the very
heart of the forest. Harry could hear Fang fighting to free himself from
a third monster, whining loudly, but Harry couldn't have yelled even if
he had wanted to; he seemed to have left his voice back with the car
in the clearing.
He never knew how long he was in the creature's clutches; he only
knew that the darkness suddenly lifted enough for him to see that the
leaf-strewn ground was now swarming with spiders. Craning his neck
sideways, he realized that they had reached the ridge of
*21$*
a vast hollow, a hollow that had been cleared of trees, so that the stars
shone brightly onto the worst scene he had ever laid eyes on.
Spiders. Not tiny spiders like those surging over the leaves below.
Spiders the size of carthorses, eight-eyed, eight-legged, black, hairy,
gigantic. The massive specimen that was carrying Harry made its way
down the steep slope toward a misty, domed web in the very center of
the hollow, while its fellows closed in all around it, clicking their
pincers excitedly at the sight of its load.
Harry fell to the ground on all fours as the spider released him. Ron
and Fang thudded down next to him. Fang wasn't howling anymore,
but cowering silently on the spot. Ron looked exactly like Harry felt.
His mouth was stretched wide in a kind of silent scream and his eyes
were popping.
Harry suddenly realized that the spider that had dropped him was
saying something. It had been hard to tell, because he clicked his
pincers with every word he spoke.
Aragog! it called. Aragog!
And from the middle of the misty, domed web, a spider the size of a
small elephant emerged, very slowly. There was gray in the black of
his body and legs, and each of the eyes on his ugly, pincered head was
milky white. He was blind.
What is it? he said, clicking his pincers rapidly.
Men, clicked the spider who had caught Harry.
Is it Hagrid? said Aragog, moving closer, his eight milky eyes
wandering vaguely.
Strangers, clicked the spider who had brought Ron.
Kill them, clicked Aragog fretfully. I was sleeping ......
We're friends of Hagrid's, Harry shouted. His heart seemed to have
left his chest to pound in his throat.
*216*
Click, click, click went the pincers of the spiders all around the hollow.
Aragog paused.
Hagrid has never sent men into our hollow before, he said slowly.
Hagrid's in trouble, said Harry, breathing very fast. That's why
we've come.
In trouble? said the aged spider, and Harry thought he heard concern
beneath the clicking pincers. But why has he sent you?
Harry thought of getting to his feet but decided against it; he didn't
think his legs would support him. So he spoke from the ground, as
calmly as he could.
They think,, up at the school, that Hagrid's been setting a a -
something on students. They've taken him to Azkaban.
Aragog clicked his pincers furiously, and all around the hollow the
sound was echoed by the crowd of spiders; it was like applause,
except applause didn't usually make Harry feel sick with fear.
But that was years ago, said Aragog fretfully. Years and years ago.
I remember it well. That's why they made him leave the school. They
believed that I was the monster that dwells in what they call the
Chamber of Secrets. They thought that Hagrid had opened the
Chamber and set me free.
And you ... you didn't come from the Chamber of Secrets? said
Harry, who could feel cold sweat on his forehead.
I! said Aragog, clicking angrily. I was not born in the castle. I come
from a distant land. A traveler gave me to Hagrid when I was an egg.
Hagrid was only a boy, but he cared for me, hidden in a cupboard in
the castle, feeding me on scraps from the table. Hagrid
2Y
is my good friend, and a good man. When I was discovered, and
blamed for the death of a girl, he protected me. I have lived here in
the forest ever since, where Hagrid still visits me. He even found me
a wife, Mosag, and you see how our family has grown, all through
Hagrid's goodness ......
Harry summoned what remained of his courage.
So you never - never attacked anyone?
Never, croaked the old spider. It would have been my instinct, but
out of respect for Hagrid, I never harmed a human. The body of the
girl who was killed was discovered in a bathroom. I never saw any
part of the castle but the cupboard in which I grew up. Our kind like
the dark and the quiet ......
But then ... Do you know what did kill that girl? said Harry.
Because whatever it is, it's back and attacking people again -
His words were drowned by a loud outbreak of clicking and the
rustling of many long legs shifting angrily; large black shapes shifted
all around him.
The thing that lives in the castle, said Aragog, is an ancient creature
we spiders fear above all others. Well do I remember how I pleaded
with Hagrid to let me go, when I sensed the beast moving about the
school.
What is it? said Harry urgently.
More loud clicking, more rustling; the spiders seemed to be closing in.
We do not speak of it! said Aragog fiercely. We do not name it! I
never even told Hagrid the name of that dread creature, though he
asked me, many times.
Harry didn't want to press the subject, not with the spiders
* 2-V8 *
pressing closer on all sides. Aragog seemed to be tired of tamng. He
was backing slowly into his domed web, but his fellow spiders
continued to inch slowly toward Harry and Ron.
We'll just go, then, Harry called desperately to Aragog, hearing
leaves rustling behind him.
Go? said Aragog slowly. I think not ......
But - but -
My sons and daughters do not harm Hagrid, on my command. But I
cannot deny them fresh meat, when it wanders so willingly into our
midst. Good-bye, friend of Hagrid.
Harry spun around. Feet away, towering above him, was a solid wall
of spiders, clicking, their many eyes gleaming in their ugly black heads.
Even as he reached for his wand, Harry knew it was no good, there
were too many of them, but as he tried to stand, ready to die fighting,
a loud, long note sounded, and a blaze of light flamed through the
hollow.
Mr. Weasley's car was thundering down the slope, headlights glaring,
its horn screeching, knocking spiders aside; several were thrown onto
their backs, their endless legs waving in the air. The car screeched to
a halt in front of Harry and Ron and the doors flew open.
Get Fang! Harry yelled, diving into the front seat; Ron seized the
boarhound around the middle and threw him, yelping, into the back of
the car - the doors slammed shut - Ron didn't touch the accelerator
but the car didn't need him; the engine roared and they were off,
hitting more spiders. They sped up the slope, out of the hollow, and
they were soon crashing through the forest, branches
whipping the windows as the car wound its way cleverly through the
widest gaps, following a path it obviously knew.
Harry looked sideways at Ron. His mouth was still open in the silent
scream, but his eyes weren't popping anymore.
Are you okay?
Ron stared straight ahead, unable to speak.
They smashed their way through the undergrowth, Fang howling loudly
in the back seat, and Harry saw the side mirror snap off as they
squeezed past a large oak. After ten noisy, rocky minutes, the trees
thinned, and Harry could again see patches of sky.
The car stopped so suddenly that they were nearly thrown into the
windshield. They had reached the edge of the forest. Fang flung
himself at the window in his anxiety to get out, and when Harry
opened the door, he shot off through the trees to Hagrid's house, tail
between his legs. Harry got out too, and after a minute or so, Ron
seemed to regain the feeling in his limbs and followed, still stiff-necked
and staring. Harry gave the car a grateful pat as it reversed back into
the forest and disappeared from view.
Harry went back into Hagrid's cabin to get the Invisibility Cloak. Fang
was trembling under a blanket in his basket. When Harry got outside
again, he found Ron being violently sick in the pumpkin patch.
Follow the spiders, said Ron weakly, wiping his mouth on his sleeve.
I'll never forgive Hagrid. We're lucky to be alive.
I bet he thought Aragog wouldn't hurt friends of his, said Harry.
That's exactly Hagrid's problem! said Ron, thumping the wall of the
cabin. He always thinks monsters aren't as bad as they're
*280*
made out, and look where it's got him! A cell in Azkaban! He was
shivering uncontrollably now. What was the point of sending us in
there? What have we found out, Id like to know?
That Hagrid never opened the Chamber of Secrets, said Harry,
throwing the cloak over Ron and prodding him in the arm to make him
walk. He was innocent.
Ron gave a loud snort. Evidently, hatching Aragog in a cupboard
wasn't his idea of being innocent.
As the castle loomed nearer Harry twitched the cloak to make sure
their feet were hidden, then pushed the creaking front doors ajar.
They walked carefully back across the entrance hall and up the
marble staircase, holding their breath as they passed corridors where
watchful sentries were walking. At last they reached the safety of the
Gryffindor common room, where the fire had burned itself into
glowing ash. They took off the cloak and climbed the winding stair to
their dormitory.
Ron fell onto his bed without bothering to get undressed. Harry,
however, didn't feel very sleepy. He sat on the edge of his fourposter,
thinking hard about everything Aragog had said.
The creature that was lurking somewhere in the castle, he thought,
sounded like a sort of monster Voldemort - even other monsters didn't
want to name it. But he and Ron were no closer to finding out what it
was, or how it Petrified its victims. Even Hagrid had never known
what was in the Chamber of Secrets.
Harry swung his legs up onto his bed and leaned back against his
pillows, watching the moon glinting at him through the tower window.
He couldn't see what else they could do. They had hit dead ends
*281*
everywhere. Riddle had caught the wrong person, the Heir of
Slytherin had got off, and no one could tell whether it was the same
person, or a different one, who had opened the Chamber this time.
There was nobody else to ask. Harry lay down, still thinking about
what Aragog had said.
He was becoming drowsy when what seemed like their very last
hope occurred to him, and he suddenly sat bolt upright.
Ron, he hissed through the dark, Ron -
Ron woke with a yelp like Fang's, stared wildly around, and saw
Harry.
Ron -that girl who died. Aragog said she was found in a bathroom,
said Harry, ignoring Neville's snufing snores from the corner. What
if she never left the bathroom? What if she's still there?
Ron rubbed his eyes, frowning through the moonlight. And then he
understood, too.
You don't think - not Moaning Myrtle?
 
 
and we could've asked her, and now. . .
It had been hard enough trying to look for spiders. Escaping their
teachers long enough to sneak into a girls' bathroom, the girls' bathroom,
moreover, right next to the scene of the first attack, was going to be
almost impossible.
But something happened in their first lesson, Transfiguration, that drove
the Chamber of Secrets out of their minds for the first time in weeks.
Ten minutes into the class, Professor McGonagall told them that their
exams would start on the first of June, one week from today.
`Exams? howled Seamus Finnigan. We're still getting exams?
There was a loud bang behind Harry as Neville Longbottom's wand
slipped, vanishing one of the legs on his desk. Professorr
*28%*
McGonagall restored it with a wave of her own wand, and turned,
frowning, to Seamus.
The whole point of keeping the school open at this time is for you to
receive your education, she said sternly. The exams will therefore
take place as usual, and I trust you are all studying hard.
Studying hard! It had never occurred to Harry that there would be
exams with the castle in this state. There was a great deal of mutinous
muttering around the room, which made Professor McGonagall scowl
even more darkly.
Professor Dumbledore's instructions were to keep the school running
as normally as possible, she said. And that, I need hardly point out,
means finding out how much you have learned this year.
Harry looked down at the pair of white rabbits he was supposed to be
turning into slippers. What had he learned so far this year? He couldn't
seem to think of anything that would be useful in an exam.
Ron looked as though he'd just been told he had to go and live in the
Forbidden Forest.
Can you imagine me taking exams with this? he asked Harry, holding
up his wand, which had just started whistling loudly.
Three days before their first exam, Professor McGonagall made
another announcement at breakfast.
I have good news, she said, and the Great Hall, instead of falling
silent, erupted.
Dumbledore's coming back! several people yelled joyfully.
You've caught the Heir of Slytherin! squealed a girl at the
Ravenclaw table.
284*
Quidditch matches are back on! roared Wood excitedly.
When the hubbub had subsided, Professor McGonagall said,
Professor Sprout has informed me that the Mandrakes are ready for
cutting at last. Tonight, we will be able to revive those people who
have been Petrified. I need hardly remind you all that one of them may
well be able to tell us who, or what, attacked them. I am hopeful that
this dreadful year will end with our catching the culprit.
There was an explosion of cheering. Harry looked over at the
Slytherin table and wasn't at all surprised to see that Draco Malfoy
hadn't joined in. Ron, however, was looking happier than he'd looked in
days.
It won't matter that we never asked Myrtle, then! he said to Harry.
Hermione'll probably have all the answers when they wake her up!
Mind you, she'll go crazy when she finds out we've got exams in three
days' time. She hasn't studied. It might be kinder to leave her where
she is till they're over.
Just then, Ginny Weasley came over and sat down next to Ron. She
looked tense and nervous, and Harry noticed that her hands were
twisting in her lap.
What's up? said Ron, helping himself to more porridge.
Ginny didn't say anything, but glanced up and down the Gryffindor
table with a scared look on her face that reminded Harry of someone,
though he couldn't think who.
Spit it out, said Ron, watching her.
Harry suddenly realized who Ginny looked like. She was rocking
backward and forward slightly in her chair, exactly like Dobby did
when he was teetering on the edge of revealing forbidden information.
I've got to tell you something, Ginny mumbled, carefully not looking at
Harry.
What is it? said Harry.
Ginny looked as though she couldn't find the right words.
What?said Ron.
Ginny opened her mouth, but no sound came out. Harry leaned
forward and spoke quietly, so that only Ginny and Ron could hear him.
Is it something about the Chamber of Secrets? Have you seen
something? Someone acting oddly?
Ginny drew a deep breath and, at that precise moment, Percy Weasley
appeared, looking tired and wan.
If you've finished eating, I'll take that seat, Ginny. I'm starving, I've
only just come off patrol duty.
Ginny jumped up as though her chair had just been electrified, gave
Percy a fleeting, frightened look, and scampered away. Percy sat
down and grabbed a mug from the center of the table.
Percy! said Ron angrily. She was just about to tell us some-' thing
important!
Halfway through a gulp of tea, Percy choked.
What sort of thing? he said, coughing.
I just asked her if she'd seen anything odd, and she started to say
Oh - that - that's nothing to do with the Chamber of Secrets, said
Percy at once.
How do you know? said Ron, his eyebrows raised.
Well, er, if you must know, Ginny, er, walked in on me the other day
when I was - well, never mind - the point is, she spot
ted me doing something and I, um, I asked her not to mention it to
anybody. I must say, I did think she'd keep her word. It's nothing,
really, Id just rather -
Harry had never seen Percy look so uncomfortable.
What were you doing, Percy? said Ron, grinning. Go on, tell us, we
won't laugh.
Percy didn't smile back.
Pass me those rolls, Harry, I'm starving.
Harry knew the whole mystery might be solved tomorrow without
their help, but he wasn't about to pass up a chance to speak to Myrtle
if it turned up - and to his delight it did, midmorning, when they were
being led to History of Magic by Gilderoy Lockhart.
Lockhart, who had so often assured them that all danger had passed,
only to be proved wrong right away, was now wholeheartedly
convinced that it was hardly worth the trouble to see them safely
down the corridors. His hair wasn't as sleek as usual; it seemed he
had been up most of the night, patrolling the fourth floor.
Mark my words, he said, ushering them around a corner. The first
words out of those poor Petrified people's mouths will be It was
Hagrid.' Frankly, I'm astounded Professor McGonagall thinks all
these security measures are necessary.
(ti agree, sir, said Harry, making Ron drop his books in surprise.
Thank you, Harry, said Lockhart graciously while they waited for a
long line of Hufflepuffs to pass. I mean, we teachers have quite
enough to be getting on with, without walking students to classes and
standing guard all night ......
That's right, said Ron, catching on. Why don't you leave us here, sir,
we've only got one more corridor to go -
You know, Weasley, I think I will, said Lockhart. I really should go
and prepare my next class -
And he hurried off.
Prepare his class, Ron sneered after him. Gone to curl his hair,
more like.
They let the rest of the Gryffindors draw ahead of them, then darted
down a side passage and hurried off toward Moaning Myrtle's
bathroom. But just as they were congratulating each other on their
brilliant scheme
Potter! Weasley! What are you doing?
It was Professor McGonagall, and her mouth was the thinnest of thin
lines.
We were -we were- Ron stammered. We were going to - to go and
see -
Hermione, said Harry. Ron and Professor McGonagall both looked
at him.
We haven't seen her for ages, Professor, Harry went on hurriedly,
treading on Ron's foot, and we thought we'd sneak into the hospital
wing, you know, and tell her the Mandrakes are nearly ready and, er,
not to worry -
Professor McGonagall was still staring at him, and for a moment,
Harry thought she was going to explode, but when she spoke, it was in
a strangely croaky voice.
Of course, she said, and Harry, amazed, saw a tear glistening in her
beady eye. Of course, I realize this has all been hardest on the friends
of those who have been ... I quite understand. Yes,
Potter, of course you may visit Miss Granger. I will inform Professor
Binns where you've gone. Tell Madam Pomfrey I have given my
permission.
Harry and Ron walked away, hardly daring to believe that they'd
avoided detention. As they turned the corner, they distinctly heard
Professor McGonagall blow her nose.
That, said Ron fervently, was the best story you've ever come up
with.
They had no choice now but to go to the hospital wing and tell Madam
Pomfrey that they had Professor McGonagall's permission to visit
Hermione.
Madam Pomfrey let them in, but reluctantly.
There's just no point talking to a Petrified. person, she said, and they
had to admit she had a point when they'd taken their seats next to
Hermione. It was plain that Hermione didn't have the faintest inkling
that she had visitors, and that they might just as well tell her bedside
cabinet not to worry for all the good it would do.
Wonder if she did see the attacker, though? said Ron, looking sadly
at Hermione's rigid face. Because if he sneaked up on them all, no
one'll ever know . .....
But Harry wasn't looking at Hermione's face. He was more interested
in her right hand. It lay clenched on top of her blankets, and bending
closer, he saw that a piece of paper was scrunched inside her fist.
Making sure that Madam Pomfrey was nowhere near, he pointed this
out to Ron.
TG and get it out, Ron whispered, shifting his chair so that he
blocked Harry from Madam Pomfrey's view.
It was no easy task. Hermione's hand was clamped so tightly around
the paper that Harry was sure he was going to tear it. While Ron kept
watch he tugged and twisted, and at last, after several tense minutes,
the paper came free.
It was a page torn from a very old library book. Harry smoothed it out
eagerly and Ron leaned close to read it, too.
Of the many fearsome beasts and monsters that roam our land,
there is none more curious or more deadly than the Basilisk,
known also as the King of Serpents. This snake, which may
reach gigantic size and live many hundreds of years, is born
from a chicken's egg, hatched beneath a toad. Its methods of killing are
most wondrous, for aside from its deadly and venomous fangs, the Basilisk
has a murderous stare, and all who are fixed with the beam of its eye shall
suffer instant death. Spiders flee before the Basilisk, for it is their mortal
enemy, and the Basilisk flees only from the crowing of the rooster, which is
fatal to it.
And beneath this, a single word had been written, in a hand Harry
recognized as Hermione's. Pipes.
It was as though somebody had just flicked a light on in his brain.
Ron, he breathed. This is it. This is the answer. The monster in the
Chamber's a basilisk - a giant serpent! That why I've been hearing
that voice all over the place, and nobody else has heard it. It's because
I understand Parseltongue . . . .
Harry looked up at the beds around him.
The basilisk kills people by looking at them. But no one's died -
because no one looked it straight in the eye. Colin saw it through his
camera. The basilisk burned up all the film inside it, but Colin just got
Petrified. Justin . . . Justin must've seen the basilisk through Nearly
Headless Nick! Nick got the full blast of it, but he couldn't die again .
. . and Hermione and that Ravenclaw prefect were found with a
mirror next to them. Hermione had just realized the monster was a
basilisk. I bet you anything she warned the first person she met to
look around corners with a mirror first! And that girl pulled out her
mirror - and -
Rods jaw had dropped.
And Mrs. Norris? he whispered eagerly.
Harry thought hard, picturing the scene on the night of Halloween.
The water. . . he said slowly. The flood from Moaning Myrtle's
bathroom. I bet you Mrs. Norris only saw the reflection . . . .
He scanned the page in his hand eagerly. The more he looked at it,
the more it made sense.
`: . . The crowing of the rooster . . . is fatal to it! he read aloud. Hagrid's
roosters were killed! The Heir of Slytherin didn't want one anywhere
near the castle once the Chamber was opened! Spidersflee before it.! It
all fits!
But how's the basilisk been getting around the place? said Ron. A
giant snake . . . Someone would've seen. . .
Harry, however, pointed at the word Hermione had scribbled at the
foot of the page.
Pipes, he said. Pipes . . . Ron, it's been using the plumbing. I've
been hearing that voice inside the walls . . . .
291*
Ron suddenly grabbed Harry's arm.
The entrance to the Chamber of Secrets! he said hoarsely.
What if it's a bathroom? What if it's in -
`= Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, said Harry.
They sat there, excitement coursing through them, hardly able
to believe it.
This means, said Harry, I can't be the only Parselmouth in
the school. The Heir of Slytherin's one, too. That's how he's been
controlling the basilisk.
What're we going to do? said Ron, whose eyes were flashing.
Should we go straight to McGonagall?
Let's go to the staff room, said Harry, jumping up. She'll be
there in ten minutes. It's nearly break.
They ran downstairs. Not wanting to be discovered hanging
around in another corridor, they went straight into the deserted
staff room. It was a large, paneled room full of dark, wooden chairs.
Harry and Ron paced around it, too excited to sit down.
But the bell to signal break never came.
Instead, echoing through the corridors came Professor McGon
agall's voice, magically magnified.
`All students to return to their House dormitories at once. All teach
ers return to the staff room. Immediately, please. 
Harry wheeled around to stare at Ron.
Not another attack? Not now?
What'll we do? said Ron, aghast. Go back to the dormitory?
No, said Harry, glancing around. There was an ugly sort of
wardrobe to his left, full of the teachers' cloaks. In here. Let's hear
what it's all about. Then we can tell them what we've found out.
They hid themselves inside it, listening to the rumbling of hundreds of
people moving overhead, and the staff room door banging open.
From between the musty folds of the cloaks, they watched the
teachers filtering into the room. Some of them were looking puzzled,
others downright scared. Then Professor McGonagall arrived.
It has happened, she told the silent staff room. A student has been
taken by the monster. Right into the Chamber itself.
Professor Flitwick let out a squeal. Professor Sprout clapped her
hands over her mouth. Snape gripped the back of a chair very hard
and said, How can you be sure?
The Heir of Slytherin, said Professor McGonagall, who was very
white, left another message. Right underneath the first one. `Her
skeleton will lie in the Chamber forever. '
Professor Flitwick burst into tears.
Who is it? said Madam Hooch, who had sunk, weak-kneed, into a
chair. Which student?
Ginny Weasley, said Professor McGonagall.
Harry felt Ron slide silently down onto the wardrobe floor beside
him.
We shall have to send all the students home tomorrow, said
Professor McGonagall. This is the end of Hogwarts. Dumbledore
always said. . .
The staffroom door banged open again. For one wild moment,
Harry was sure it would be Dumbledore. But it was Lockhart, and
he was beaming.
So sorry - dozed off - what have I missed?
He didn't seem to notice that the other teachers were looking at him
with something remarkably like hatred. Snape stepped forward.
Just the man, he said. The very man. A girl has been snatched by
the monster, Lockhart. Taken into the Chamber of Secrets itself. Your
moment has come at last.
Lockhart blanched.
That's right, Gilderoy, chipped in Professor Sprout. Weren't you
saying just last night that you've known all along where the entrance to
the Chamber of Secrets is?
I - well, I -sputtered Lockhart.
Yes, didn't you tell me you were sure you knew what was inside it?
piped up Professor Flitwick.
D-did I? I don't recall -
I certainly remember you saying you were sorry you hadn't had a
crack at the monster before Hagrid was arrested, said Snape. Didn't
you say that the whole affair had been bungled, and that you should
have been given a free rein from the first?
Lockhart stared around at his stony-faced colleagues.
I - I really never - you may have misunderstood -
We'll leave it to you, then, Gilderoy, said Professor McGonagall.
Tonight will be an excellent time to do it. We'll make sure everyone's
out of your way. You'll be able to tackle the monster all by youself. A
free rein at last.
Lockhart gazed desperately around him, but nobody came to the
rescue. He didn't look remotely handsome anymore. His lip was
trembling, and in the absence of his usually toothy grin, he looked
weak-chinned and feeble.
V very well, he said. I'll - I'll be in my office, getting getting ready.
And he left the room.
Right, said Professor McGonagall, whose nostrils were flared,
that's got him out from under our feet. The Heads of Houses should
go and inform their students what has happened. Tell them the
Hogwarts Express will take them home first thing tomorrow. Will the
rest of you please make sure no students have been left outside their
dormitories.
The teachers rose and left, one by one.
It was probably the worst day of Harry's entire life. He, Ron, Fred,
and George sat together in a corner of the Gryffindor common room,
unable to say anything to each other. Percy wasn't there. He had gone
to send an owl to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, then shut himself up in his
dormitory.
No afternoon ever lasted as long as that one, nor had Gryffindor
Tower ever been so crowded, yet so quiet. Near sunset, Fred and
George went up to bed, unable to sit there any longer.
She knew something, Harry, said Ron, speaking for the first time
since they had entered the wardrobe in the staff room. That's why
she was taken. It wasn't some stupid thing about Percy at all., She'd
found out something about the Chamber of Secrets. That must be why
she was - Ron rubbed his eyes frantically. I mean, she was a pure-
blood. There can't be any other reason.
Harry could see the sun sinking, blood-red, below the skyline. This was
the worst he had ever felt. If only there was something they could do.
Anything.
Harry said Ron. D'you think there's any chance at all she's not - you
know =
Harry didn't know what to say. He couldn't see how Ginny could still
be alive.
D'you know what? said Ron. I think we should go and see
*295*
Lockhart. Tell him what we know. He's going to try and get into the
Chamber. We can tell him where we think it is, and tell him it's a
basilisk in there.
Because Harry couldn't think of anything else to do, and because he
wanted to be doing something, he agreed. The Gryffindors around
them were so miserable, and felt so sorry for the Weasleys, that
nobody tried to stop them as they got up, crossed the room, and left
through the portrait hole.
Darkness was falling as they walked down to Lockhart's office.
There seemed to be a lot of activity going on inside it. They could hear
scraping, thumps, and hurried footsteps.
Harry knocked and there was a sudden silence from inside. Then the
door opened the tiniest crack and they saw one of Lockhart's eyes
peering through it.
Oh - Mr. Potter - Mr. Weasley - he said, opening the door a bit
wider. I'm rather busy at the moment - if you would be quick -
Professor, we've got some information for you, said Harry. We
think it'll help you.
Er - well - it's not terribly - The side of Lockhart's face that they
could see looked very uncomfortable. I mean - well all right -
He opened the door and they entered.
His office had been almost completely stripped. Two large trunks
stood open on the floor. Robes, jade-green, lilac, midnightblue, had
been hastily folded into one of them; books were jumbled untidily into
the other. The photographs that had covered the walls were now
crammed into boxes on the desk.
*296*
Are you going somewhere? said Harry.
Er, well, yes, said Lockhart, ripping a life-size poster of himself from
the back of the door as he spoke and starting to roll it up. Urgent call -
unavoidable - got to go -
What about my sister? said Ron jerkily.
Well, as to that - most unfortunate - said Lockhart, avoiding their
eyes as he wrenched open a drawer and started emptying the contents
into a bag. No one regrets more than I -
You're the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher! said Harry.
You can't go now! Not with all the Dark stuff going on here!
Well - I must say - when I took the job - Lockhart muttered, now
piling socks on top of his robes. nothing in the job description - didn't
expect -
You mean you're running away? said Harry disbelievingly. After all
that stuff you did in your books -
Books can be misleading, said Lockhart delicately.
You wrote them! Harry shouted.
My dear boy, said Lockhart, straightening up and frowning at Harry.
Do use your common sense. My books wouldn't have sold half as
well if people didn't think Id done all those things. No one wants to
read about some ugly old Armenian warlock, even if he did save a
village from werewolves. He'd look dreadful on the front cover. No
dress sense at all. And the witch who banished the Bandon Banshee
had a harelip. I mean, come on -
So you've just been taking credit for what a load of other people have
done? said Harry incredulously.
Harry, Harry, said Lockhart, shaking his head impatiently, it's not
nearly as simple as that. There was work involved. I had
*297*
to track these people down. Ask them exactly how they managed to
do what they did. Then I had to put a Memory Charm on them so they
wouldn't remember doing it. If there's one thing I pride myself on, it's
my Memory Charms. No, it's been a lot of work, Harry. It's not all
book signings and publicity photos, you know. You want fame, you
have to be prepared for a long hard slog.
He banged the lids of his trunks shut and locked them.
Let's see, he said. I think that's everything. Yes. Only one thing
left.
He pulled out his wand and turned to them.
Awfully sorry, boys, but I'll have to put a Memory Charm on you
now. Can't have you blabbing my secrets all over the place. Id never
sell another book -
Harry reached his wand just in time. Lockhart had barely raised his,
when Harry bellowed, Expelliarmus!
Lockhart was blasted backward, falling over his trunk; his wand flew
high into the air; Ron caught it, and flung it out of the open window.
Shouldn't have let Professor Snape teach us that one, said Harry
furiously, kicking Lockhart's trunk aside. Lockhart was looking up at
him, feeble once more. Harry was still pointing his wand at him.
What d'you want me to do? said Lockhart weakly. I don't know
where the Chamber of Secrets is. There's nothing I can do.
You're in luck, said Harry, forcing Lockhart to his feet at wandpoint.
We think we know where it is. And what's inside it. Let's go.
*298*
They marched Lockhart out of his office and down the nearest stairs,
along the dark corridor where the messages shone on the wall, to the
door of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom.
They sent Lockhart in first. Harry was pleased to see that he was
shaking.
Moaning Myrtle was sitting on the tank of the end toilet.
Oh, it's you, she said when she saw Harry. What do you want this
time?
To ask you how you died, said Harry.
Myrtle's whole aspect changed at once. She looked as though she had
never been asked such a flattering question.
Ooooh, it was dreadful, she said with relish. It happened right in
here. I died in this very stall. I remember it so well. Id hidden because
Olive Hornby was teasing me about my glasses. The door was locked,
and I was crying, and then I heard somebody come in. They said
something funny. A different language, I think it must have been.
Anyway, what really got me was that it was a boy speaking. So I
unlocked the door, to tell him to go and use his own toilet, and then -
Myrtle swelled importantly, her face shining. I died.
How? said Harry.
No idea, said Myrtle in hushed tones. I just remember seeing a pair
of great, big, yellow eyes. My whole body sort of seized up, and then I
was floating away . . . . She looked dreamily at Harry. And then I
came back again. I was determined to haunt Olive Hornby, you see.
Oh, she was sorry she'd ever laughed at my glasses.
Where exactly did you see the eyes? said Harry.
*299*
Somewhere there, said Myrtle, pointing vaguely toward the sink in
front of her toilet.
Harry and Ron hurried over to it. Lockhart was standing well back, a
look of utter terror on his face.
It looked like an ordinary sink. They examined every inch of it, inside
and out, including the pipes below. And then Harry saw it: Scratched
on the side of one of the copper taps was a tiny snake.
That tap's never worked, said Myrtle brightly as he tried to turn it.
Harry, said Ron. Say something. Something in Parseltongue.
But - Harry thought hard. The only times he'd ever managed to
speak Parseltongue were when he'd been faced with a real snake. He
stared hard at the tiny- engraving, trying to imagine it was real.
Open up, he said.
He looked at Ron, who shook his head.
English, he said.
Harry looked back at the snake, willing himself to believe it was alive.
If he moved his head, the candlelight made it look as though it were
moving.
Open up, he said.
Except that the words weren't what he heard; a strange hissing had
escaped him, and at once the tap glowed with a brilliant white light and
began to spin. Next second, the sink began to move; the sink, in fact,
sank, right out of sight, leaving a large pipe exposed, a pipe wide
enough for a man to slide into.
Harry heard Ron gasp and looked up again. He had made up his mind
what he was going to do.
*300*
I'm going down there, he said. .
He couldn't not go, not now they had found the entrance to the
Chamber, not if there was even the faintest, slimmest, wildest chance
that Ginny might be alive.
Me too, said Ron.
There was a pause.
Well, you hardly seem to need me, said Lockhart, with a shadow
of his old smile. I'll just -
He put his hand on the door knob, but Ron and Harry both pointed
their wands at him.
You can go first, Ron snarled.
White-faced and wandless, Lockhart approached the opening.
Boys, he said, his voice feeble. Boys, what good will it do?
Harry jabbed him in the back with his wand. Lockhart slid his legs
into the pipe.
I really don't think - he started to say, but Ron gave him a push,
and he slid out of sight. Harry followed quickly. He lowered himself
slowly into the pipe, then let go.
It was like rushing down an endless, slimy, dark slide. He could see
more pipes branching off in all directions, but none as large as theirs,
which twisted and turned, sloping steeply downward, and he knew
that he was falling deeper below the school than even the dungeons.
Behind him he could hear Ron, thudding slightly at the curves.
And then, just as he had begun to worry about what would happen
when he hit the ground, the pipe leveled out, and he shot out of the
end with a wet thud, landing on the damp floor of a dark stone tunnel
large enough to stand in. Lockhart was getting to his
*301
feet a little ways away, covered in slime and white as a ghost. Harry
stood aside as Ron came whizzing out of the pipe, too.
We must be miles under the school, said Harry, his voice echoing in
the black tunnel.
Under the lake, probably, said Ron, squinting around at the dark,
slimy walls.
All three of them turned to stare into the darkness ahead.
Lumos! Harry muttered to his wand and it lit again. C'mon, he
said to Ron and Lockhart, and off they went, their footsteps slapping
loudly on the wet floor.
The tunnel was so dark that they could only see a little distance ahead.
Their shadows on the wet walls looked monstrous in the wandlight.
Remember, Harry said quietly as they walked cautiously forward,
any sign of movement, close your eyes right away . .....
But the tunnel was quiet as the grave, and the first unexpected sound
they heard was a loud crunch as Ron stepped on what turned out to be
a rat's skull. Harry lowered his wand to look at the floor and saw that
it was littered with small animal bones. Trying very hard not to
imagine what Ginny might look like if they found her, Harry led the
way forward, around a dark bend in the tunnel.
Harry - there's something up there - said Ron hoarsely, grabbing
Harry's shoulder.
They froze, watching. Harry could just see the outline of something
huge and curved, lying right across the tunnel. It wasn't moving.
Maybe it's asleep, he breathed, glancing back at the other two.
Lockhart's hands were pressed over his eyes. Harry turned back to
look at the thing, his heart beating so fast it hurt.
* 302 *
Very slowly, his eyes as narrow as he could make them and still see,
Harry edged forward, his wand held high.
The light slid over a gigantic snake skin, of a vivid, poisonous green,
lying curled and empty across the tunnel floor. The creature that had
shed it must have been twenty feet long at least.
Blimey, said Ron weakly.
There was a sudden movement behind them. Gilderoy Lockhart's
knees had given way.
Get up, said Ron sharply, pointing his wand at Lockhart.
Lockhart got to his feet - then he dived at Ron, knocking him to the
ground.
Harry jumped forward, but too late - Lockhart was straightening up,
panting, Ron's wand in his hand and a gleaming smile back on his
face.
The adventure ends here, boys! he said. I shall take a bit of this
skin back up to the school, tell them I was too late to save the girl,
and that you two tragically lost your minds at the sight of her
mangled body - say good-bye to your memories!
He raised Ron's Spellotaped wand high over his head and yelled,
Obliviate!
The wand exploded with the force of a small bomb. Harry flung his
arms over his head and ran, slipping over the coils of snake skin, out
of the way of great chunks of tunnel ceiling that were thundering to
the floor. Next moment, he was standing alone, gazing at a solid wall
of broken rock.
Ron! he shouted. Are you okay? Ron!
I'm here! came Ron's muffled voice from behind the rockfall. I'm
okay - this git's not, though - he got blasted by the wand ='
*303*
There was a dull thud and a loud ow! It sounded as though Ron had
just kicked Lockhart in the shins.
What now? Ron's voice said, sounding desperate. We can't get
through - it'll take ages ......
Harry looked up at the tunnel ceiling. Huge cracks had appeared in it.
He had never tried to break apart anything as large as these rocks by
magic, and now didn't seem a good moment to try - what if the whole
tunnel caved in?
There was another thud and another ow! from behind the rocks.
They were wasting time. Ginny had already been in the Chamber of
Secrets for hours .... Harry knew there was only one thing to do.
Wait there, he called to Ron. Wait with Lockhart. I'll go on.... If I'm
not back in an hour. . .
There was a very pregnant pause,
I'll try and shift some of this rock, said Ron, who seemed to be trying
to keep his voice steady. So you can - can get back through. And,
Harry -
See you in a bit, said Harry, trying to inject some confidence into his
shaking voice.
And he set off alone past the giant snake skin.
Soon the distant noise of Ron straining to shift the rocks was gone.
The tunnel turned and turned again. Every nerve in Harry's body was
tingling unpleasantly. He wanted the tunnel to end, yet dreaded what
he'd find when it did. And then, at last, as he crept around yet another
bend, he saw a solid wall ahead on which two entwined serpents were
carved, their eyes set with great, glinting emeralds.
*304*
Harry approached, his throat very dry. There was no need to pretend
these stone snakes were real; their eyes looked strangely alive.
He could guess what he had to do. He cleared his throat, and the
emerald eyes seemed to flicker.
Open, said Harry, in a low, faint hiss.
The serpents parted as the wall cracked open, the halves slid smoothly
out of sight, and Harry, shaking from head to foot, walked inside.
e was standing at the end of a very long, dimly lit chamber. Towering
stone pillars entwined with more carved serpents rose to support a
ceiling lost in darkness, casting long, black shadows through the odd,
greenish gloom that filled the place.
His heart beating very fast, Harry stood listening to the chill silence.
Could the basilisk be lurking in a shadowy corner, behind a pillar? And
where was Ginny?
He pulled out his wand and moved forward between the serpentine
columns. Every careful footstep echoed loudly off the shadowy walls.
He kept his eyes narrowed, ready to clamp them shut at the smallest
sign of movement. The hollow eye sockets of the stone snakes
seemed to be following him. More than once, with a jolt of the
stomach, he thought he saw one stir.
Then, as he drew level with the last pair of pillars, a statue high as the
Chamber itself loomed into view, standing against the back wall.
*306*
Harry had to crane his neck to look up into the giant face above: It
was ancient and monkeyish, with a long, thin beard that fell almost to
the bottom of the wizard's sweeping stone robes, where two
enormous gray feet stood on the smooth Chamber floor. And between
the feet, facedown, lay a small, black-robed figure with flaming-red
hair.
tinny! Harry muttered, sprinting to her and dropping to his knees.
tinny - don't be dead - please don't be dead - He flung his wand
aside, grabbed Ginny's shoulders, and turned her over. Her face was
white as marble, and as cold, yet her eyes were closed, so she wasn't
Petrified. But then she must be
Ginny, please wake up, Harry muttered desperately, shaking her.
Ginny's head lolled hopelessly from side to side.
She won't wake, said a soft voice.
Harry jumped and spun around on his knees.
A tall, black-haired boy was leaning against the nearest pillar,
watching. He was strangely blurred around the edges, as though
Harry were looking at him through a misted window. But there was
no mistaking him
Tom - Tom Riddle?
Riddle nodded, not taking his eyes off Harry's face.
What d'you mean, she won't wake? Harry said desperately. She's
not - she's not -?
She's still alive, said Riddle. But only just.
Harry stared at him. Tom Riddle had been at Hogwarts fifty years
ago, yet here he stood, a weird, misty light shining about him, not a day
older than sixteen.
Are you a ghost? Harry said uncertainly.
* 30 7*
A memory, said Riddle quietly. Preserved in a diary for fifty years.
He pointed toward the floor near the statue's giant toes. Lying open
there was the little black diary Harry had found in Moaning Myrtle's
bathroom. For a second, Harry wondered how it had got there - but
there were more pressing matters to deal with.
You've got to help me, Tom, Harry said, raising Ginny's head again.
We've got to get her out of here. There's a basilisk ... I don't know
where it is, but it could be along any moment .... Please, help me -1)
Riddle didn't move. Harry, sweating, managed to hoist Ginny half off
the floor, and bent to pick up his wand again.
But his wand had gone.
Did you see -?
He looked up. Riddle was still watching him - twirling Harry's wand
between his long fingers.
Thanks, said Harry, stretching out his hand for it.
A smile curled the corners of Riddle's mouth. He continued to stare at
Harry, twirling the wand idly.
Listen, said Harry urgently, his knees sagging with Ginny's dead
weight. We've got to go! If the basilisk comes -
It won't come until it is called, said Riddle calmly.
Harry lowered Ginny back onto the floor, unable to hold her up any
longer.
What d'you mean? he said. Look, give me my wand, I might need it
Riddle's smile broadened.
You won't be needing it, he said.
*%08*
Harry stared at him.
What d'you mean, I won't be -?
I've waited a long time for this, Harry Potter, said Riddle. For the
chance to see you. To speak to you.
Look, said Harry, losing patience, I don't think you get it. We're in
the Chamber of Secrets. We can talk later -
We're going to talk now, said Riddle, still smiling broadly, and he
pocketed Harry's wand.
Harry stared at him. There was something very funny going on here
....
How did Ginny get like this? he asked slowly.
Well, that's an interesting question, said Riddle pleasantly. And quite
a long story. I suppose the real reason Ginny Weasley's like this is
because she opened her heart and spilled all her secrets to an invisible
stranger.
What are you talking about? said Harry.
The diary, said Riddle. `My diary. Little Ginny's been writing in it for
months and months, telling me all her pitiful worries and woes - how
her brothers tease her, how she had to come to school with
secondhand robes and books, how -Riddle's eyes glinted how she
didn't think famous, good, great Harry Potter would ever like her . . . .
All the time he spoke, Riddle's eyes never left Harry's face. There
was an almost hungry look in them.
It's very boring, having to listen to the silly little troubles of an eleven-
year-old girl, he went on. But I was patient. I wrote back. I was
sympathetic, I was kind. Ginny simply loved me. No one's ever
understood me like you, Tom .... I'm so glad I've got this diary to
*309*
confide in .... It's like having a friend I can carry around in my pocket . . . .
Riddle laughed, a high, cold laugh that didn't suit him. It made the hairs
stand up on the back of Harry's neck.
If I say it myself, Harry, I've always been able to charm the people I
needed. So Ginny poured out her soul to me, and her soul happened to
be exactly what I wanted .... I grew stronger and stronger on a diet of
her deepest fears, her darkest secrets. I grew powerful, far more
powerful than little Miss Weasley. Powerful enough to start feeding
Miss Weasley a few of my secrets, to start pouring a little of my soul
back into her. . .
What d'you mean? said Harry, whose mouth had gone very dry.
 Haven't you guessed yet, Harry Potter? said Riddle softly. Ginny
Weasley opened the Chamber of Secrets. She strangled the school
roosters and daubed threatening messages on the walls. She set the
Serpent of Slytherin on four Mudbloods, and the Squib's cat.
No, Harry whispered.
Yes, said Riddle, calmly. Of course, she didn't know what she was
doing at first. It was very amusing. I wish you could have seen her
new diary entries ... far more interesting, they became .... Dear Tom,
he recited, watching Harry's horrified face, `I think I'm losing my
memory. There are rooster feathers all over my robes and 1 don't know how
they got there. Dear Tom, l can't remember what 1 did on the night of
Halloween, but a cat was attacked and I've got paint all down my front.
Dear Tom, Percy keeps telling me I'm pale and I'm not myself. I think he
suspects me... There was another attack today
*310
and I don't know where I was. Tom, what am I going to do? I think I'm
going mad... I think I'm the one attacking everyone, Tom!
Harry's fists were clenched, the nails digging deep into his Palms.
it took a very long time for stupid little Ginny to stop trusting her
diary, said Riddle. But she finally became suspicious and tried to
dispose of it. And that's where you came in, Harry. You found it, and I
couldn't have been more delighted. Of all the people who could have
picked it up, it was you, the very person I was most anxious to meet . .
. .
And why did you want to meet me? said Harry. Anger was coursing
through him, and it was an effort to keep his voice steady.
Well, you see, Ginny told me all about you, Harry, said Riddle. Your
whole fascinating history. His eyes roved over the lightning scar on
Harry's forehead, and their expression grew hungrier. I knew I must
find out more about you, talk to you, meet you if I could. So I decided
to show you my famous capture of that great oaf, Hagrid, to gain your
trust -
Hagrid's my friend, said Harry, his voice now shaking. And you
framed him, didn't you? I thought you made a mistake, but -
Riddle laughed his high laugh again.
It was my word against Hagrid's, Harry. Well, you can imagine how
it looked to old Armando Dippet. On the one hand, Tom Riddle, poor
but brilliant, parentless but so brave, school prefect, model student ...
on the other hand, big, blundering Hagrid, in trouble every other week,
trying to raise werewolf cubs under his bed, sneaking off to the
Forbidden Forest to wrestle trolls ... but I
* 31:L *
admit, even I was surprised how well the plan worked. I thought
someone must realize that Hagrid couldn't possibly be the Heir of
Slytherin. It had taken me five whole years to find out everything I
could about the Chamber of Secrets and discover the secret entrance
... as though Hagrid had the brains, or the power!
Only the Transfiguration teacher, Dumbledore, seemed to think
Hagrid was innocent. He persuaded Dipper to keep Hagrid and train
him as gamekeeper. Yes, I think Dumbledore might have guessed ....
Dumbledore never seemed to like me as much as the other teachers
did ......
I bet Dumbledore saw right through you, said Harry, his teeth gritted.
Well, he certainly kept an annoyingly close watch on me after Hagrid
was expelled, said Riddle carelessly. I knew it wouldn't be safe to
open the Chamber again while I was still at school. But I wasn't going
to waste those long years Id spent searching for it. I decided to leave
behind a diary, preserving my sixteen-year-old self in its pages, so that
one day, with luck, I would be able to lead another in my footsteps, and
finish Salazar Slytherin's noble work.
Well, you haven't finished it, said Harry triumphantly. No one's died
this time, not even the cat. In a few hours the Mandrake Draught will
be ready and everyone who was Petrified will be all right again -
Haven't I already told you, said Riddle quietly, that killing Mudbloods
doesn't matter to me anymore? For many months now, my new target
has been -you.
Harry stared at him.
Imagine how angry I was when the next time my diary was
*312*
opened, it was Ginny who was writing to me, not you. She saw you
with the diary, you see, and panicked. What if you found out how to
work it, and I repeated all her secrets to you? What if, even worse, I
told you who'd been strangling roosters? So the foolish little brat waited
until your dormitory was deserted and stole it back. But I knew what I
must do. It was clear to me that you were on the trail of Slytherin's
heir. From everything Ginny had told me about you, I knew you would
go to any lengths to solve the mystery --
particularly if one of your best friends was attacked. And Ginny had
told me the whole school was buzzing because you could speak
Parseltongue ....
So I made Ginny write her own farewell on the wall and come down
here to wait. She struggled and cried and became very boring. But
there isn't much life left in her .... She put too much into the diary, into
me. Enough to let me leave its pages at last .... I have been waiting for
you to appear since we arrived here. I knew you'd come. I have many
questions for you, Harry Potter.
Like what? Harry spat, fists still clenched.
Well, said Riddle, smiling pleasantly, how is it that you a skinny boy
with no extraordinary magical talent - managed to defeat the greatest
wizard of all time? How did you escape with nothing but a scar, while
Lord Voldemort's powers were destroyed?
There was an odd red gleam in his hungry eyes now.
Why do you care how I escaped? said Harry slowly. Voldemort was
after your time ......
Voldemort, said Riddle softly, is my past, present, and future, Harry
Potter . . . .
He pulled Harry's wand from his pocket and began to trace it
through the air, writing three shimmering words:
TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE
Then he waved the wand once, and the letters of his name
rearranged themselves:
I AM LORD VOLDEMORT
You see? he whispered. It was a name I was already using at
Hogwarts, to my most intimate friends only, of course. You think I
was going to use my filthy Muggle father's name forever? I, in whose
veins runs the blood of Salazar Slytherin himself, through my
mother's side? I, keep the name of a foul, common Muggle, who
abandoned me even before I was born, just because he found out his
wife was a witch? No, Harry - I fashioned myself a new name, a
name I knew wizards everywhere would one day fear to speak,
when I had become the greatest sorcerer in the world!
Harry's brain seemed to have jammed. He stared numbly at Riddle,
at the orphaned boy who had grown up to murder Harry's own
parents, and so many others .... At last he forced himself to -,peak.
You're not, he said, his quiet voice full of hatred.
Not what? snapped Riddle.
Not the greatest sorcerer in the world, said Harry, breathing fast.
Sorry to disappoint you and all that, but the greatest wizard in the
world is Albus Dumbledore. Everyone says so. Even when you were
strong, you didn't dare try and take over at Hogwarts. Dumbledore
saw through you when you were at school and he still frightens you
now, wherever you're hiding these days -
The smile had gone from Riddle's face, to be replaced by a very ugly
look.
*31-4*
Dumbledore's been driven out of this castle by the mere memory of
me! he hissed.
He's not as gone as you might think! Harry retorted. He was
speaking at random, wanting to scare Riddle, wishing rather than
believing it to be true
Riddle opened his mouth, but froze.
Music was coming from somewhere. Riddle whirled around to stare
down the empty Chamber. The music was growing louder. It was
eerie, spine-tingling, unearthly; it lifted the hair on Harry's scalp and
made his heart feel as though it was swelling to twice its normal size.
Then, as the music reached such a pitch that Harry felt it vibrating
inside his own ribs, flames erupted at the top of the nearest pillar.
A crimson bird the size of a swan had appeared, piping its weird music
to the vaulted ceiling. It had a glittering golden tail as long as a
peacock's and gleaming golden talons, which were gripping a ragged
bundle.
A second later, the bird was flying straight at Harry. It dropped the
ragged thing it was carrying at his feet, then landed heavily on his
shoulder. As it folded its great wings, Harry looked up and saw it had a
long, sharp golden beak and a beady black eye.
The bird stopped singing. It sat still and warm next to Harry's cheek,
gazing steadily at Riddle.
 
 
squeeze his shoulder gently
And that - said Riddle, now eyeing the ragged thing that Fawkes had
dropped, that's the old school Sorting Hat -
So it was. Patched, frayed, and dirty, the hat lay motionless at Harry's
feet.
Riddle began to laugh again. He laughed so hard that the dark
chamber rang with it, as though ten Riddles were laughing at once
This is what Dumbledore sends his defender! A songbird and an old
hat! Do you feel brave, Harry Potter? Do you feel safe now?
Harry didn't answer. He might not see what use Fawkes or the
Sorting Hat were, but he was no longer alone, and he waited for
Riddle to stop laughing with his courage mounting.
To business, Harry, said Riddle, still smiling broadly. Twice - in your
past, in my future - we have met. And twice I failed to kill you. How
did you survive? Tell me everything. The longer you talk, he added
softly, the longer you stay alive.
Harry was thinking fast, weighing his chances. Riddle had the wand.
He, Harry, had Fawkes and the Sorting Hat, neither of which would
be much good in a duel. It looked bad, all right ... but the longer Riddle
stood there, the more life was dwindling out of Ginny ... and in the
meantime, Harry noticed suddenly, Riddle's outline was becoming
clearer, more solid .... If it had to be a fight between him and Riddle,
better sooner than later.
No one knows why you lost your powers when you attacked me,
said Harry abruptly. I don't know myself But I know why you
couldn't kill me. Because my mother died to save me. My common
Muggle-born mother, he added, shaking with suppressed rage. She
stopped you killing me. And I've seen the real you, I saw you last
year. You're a wreck. You're barely alive. That's where all your
power got you. You're in hiding. You're ugly, you're foul -
*%16*
Riddle's face contorted. Then he forced it into an awful smile. So.
Your mother died to save you. Yes, that's a powerful countercharm. I
can see now ... there is nothing special about you, after all. I
wondered, you see. There are strange likenesses between us, after all.
Even you must have noticed. Both half-bloods, orphans, raised by
Muggles. Probably the only two Parselmouths to come to Hogwarts
since the great Slytherin himself We even look something alike ... but
after all, it was merely a lucky chance that saved you from me. That's
all I wanted to know.
Harry stood, tense, waiting for Riddle to raise his wand. But Riddle's
twisted smile was widening again.
Now, Harry, I'm going to teach you a little lesson. Let's match the
powers of Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, against famous
Harry Potter, and the best weapons Dumbledore can give him . . . .
He cast an amused eye over Fawkes and the Sorting Hat, then walked
away. Harry, fear spreading up his numb legs, watched Ridthe stop
between the high pillars and look up into the stone face of Slytherin,
high above him in the half-darkness. Riddle opened his mouth wide and
hissed - but Harry understood what he was saying ....
Speak to me, Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts Four. 
Harry wheeled around to look up at the statue, Fawkes swaying on his
shoulder.
Slytherin's gigantic stone face was moving. Horrorstruck, Harry saw
his mouth opening, wider and wider, to make a huge black hole.
 
was slithering up from its depths. 3 1
Harry backed away until he hit the dark Chamber wall, and as he shut
his eyes tight he felt Fawkes' wing sweep his cheek as he took flight.
Harry wanted to shout, Don't leave me! but what chance did a
phoenix have against the king of serpents?
Something huge hit the stone floor of the Chamber. Harry felt it
shudder - he knew what was happening, he could sense it, could
almost see the giant serpent uncoiling itself from Slytherin's mouth.
Then he heard Riddle's hissing voice:
Kill him. 
The basilisk was moving toward Harry; he could hear its heavy body
slithering heavily across the dusty floor. Eyes still tightly shut, Harry
began to run blindly sideways, his hands outstretched, feeling his way -
Voldemort was laughing
Harry tripped. He fell hard onto the stone and tasted blood the serpent
was barely feet from him, he could hear it coming
There was a loud, explosive spitting sound right above him, and then
something heavy hit Harry so hard that he was smashed into the wall.
Waiting for fangs to sink through his body he heard more mad hissing,
something thrashing wildly off the pillars
He couldn't help it - he opened his eyes wide enough to squint at what
was going on.
The enormous serpent, bright, poisonous green, thick as an oak trunk,
had raised itself high in the air and its great blunt head was weaving
drunkenly between the pillars. As Harry trembled, ready to close his
eyes if it turned, he saw what had distracted the snake.
Fawkes was soaring around its head, and the basilisk was snapping
furiously at him with fangs long and thin as sabers
Fawkes dived. His long golden beak sank out of sight and a
*318*
sudden shower of dark blood spattered the floor. The snake's tail
thrashed, narrowly missing Harry, and before Harry could shut his
eyes, it turned - Harry looked straight into its face and saw that its
eyes, both its great, bulbous yellow eyes, had been punctured by the
phoenix; blood was streaming to the floor, and the snake was spitting
in agony.
NO! Harry heard Riddle screaming. LEAVE THE BIRD! LEAVE
THE BIRD! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU. YOU CAN STILL SMELL
HIM. KILL HIMI
The blinded serpent swayed, confused, still deadly. Fawkes was
circling its head, piping his eerie song, jabbing here and there at its
scaly nose as the blood poured from its ruined eyes.
Help me, help me, Harry muttered wildly, someone - anyone
The snake's tail whipped across the floor again. Harry ducked.
Something soft hit his face.
The basilisk had swept the Sorting Hat into Harry's arms. Harry
seized it. It was all he had left, his only chance - he rammed it onto his
head and threw himself flat onto the floor as the basilisk's tail swung
over him again.
Help me - help me - Harry thought, his eyes screwed tight under the hat.
Please help me
There was no answering voice. Instead, the hat contracted, as though
an invisible hand was squeezing it very tightly.
Something very hard and heavy thudded onto the top of Harry's head,
almost knocking him out. Stars winking in front of his eyes, he grabbed
the top of the hat to pull it off and felt something long and hard
beneath it.
3 19
A gleaming silver sword had appeared inside the hat, its handle
glittering with rubies the size of eggs.
KILL THE BOY! LEAVE THE BIRD! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU.
SNIFF -- SMELL HIM.
Harry was on his feet, ready. The basilisk's head was falling, its body
coiling around, hitting pillars as it twisted to face him. He could see the
vast, bloody eye sockets, see the mouth stretching wide, wide enough
to swallow him whole, lined with fangs long as his sword, thin,
glittering, venomous -
It lunged blindly -- Harry dodged and it hit the Chamber wall. It lunged
again, and its forked tongue lashed Harry's side. He raised the sword
in both his hands -
The basilisk lunged again, and this time its aim was true -- Harry threw
his whole weight behind the sword and drove it to the hilt into the roof
of the serpent's mouth -
But as warm blood drenched Harry's arms, he felt a searing pain just
above his elbow. One long, poisonous fang was sinking deeper and
deeper into his arm and it splintered as the basilisk keeled over
sideways and fell, twitching, to the floor.
Harry slid down the wall. He gripped the fang that was spreading
poison through his body and wrenched it out of his arm. But he knew it
was too late. White-hot pain was spreading slowly and steadily from
the wound. Even as he dropped the fang and watched his own blood
soaking his robes, his vision went foggy. The Chamber was dissolving
in a whirl of dull color.
A patch of scarlet swam past, and Harry heard a soft clatter of claws
beside him.
Fawkes, said Harry thickly. You were fantastic, Fawkes . . . .
He felt the bird lay its beautiful head on the spot where the serpent's
fang had pierced him.
He could hear echoing footsteps and then a dark shadow moved in
front of him.
You're dead, Harry Potter, said Riddle's voice above him. Dead.
Even Dumbledore's bird knows it. Do you see what he's doing, Potter?
He's crying.
Harry blinked. Fawke's head slid in and out of focus. Thick, pearly tears
were trickling down the glossy feathers.
I'm going to sit here and watch you die, Harry Potter. Take your time.
I'm in no hurry.
Harry felt drowsy. Everything around him seemed to be spinning.
So ends the famous Harry Potter, said Riddle's distant voice. Alone
in the Chamber of Secrets, forsaken by his friends, defeated at last by
the Dark Lord he so unwisely challenged. You'll be back with your dear
Mudblood mother soon, Harry... She bought you twelve years of
borrowed time ... but Lord Voldemort got you in the end, as you knew
he must . . . .
If this is dying, thought Harry, it's not so bad.
Even the pain was leaving him ....
But was this dying? Instead of going black, the Chamber seemed to be
coming back into focus. Harry gave his head a little shake and there was
Fawkes, still resting his head on Harry's arm. A pearly patch of tears was
shining all around the wound -- except that there was no wound
Get away, bird, said Riddle's voice suddenly. Get away from him -
I said, get away --
Harry raised his head. Riddle was pointing Harry's wand at
Fawkes; there was a bang like a gun, and Fawkes took flight again in a
whirl of gold and scarlet.
Phoenix tears. - . said Riddle quietly, staring at Harry's arm. Of
course ... healing powers ... I forgot. . .
He looked into Harry's face. But it makes no difference. In fact, I
prefer it this way. Just you and me, Harry Potter ... you and me....
He raised the wand
Then, in a rush of wings, Fawkes had soared back overhead and
something fell into Harry's lap -- the diary.
For a split second, both Harry and Riddle, wand still raised, stared at it.
Then, without thinking, without considering, as though he had meant to
do it all along, Harry seized the basilisk fang on the floor next to him
and plunged it straight into the heart of the book.
There was a long, dreadful, piercing scream. Ink spurted out of the
diary in torrents, streaming over Harry's hands, flooding the floor.
Riddle was writhing and twisting, screaming and flailing and then
He had gone. Harry's wand fell to the floor with a clatter and there
was silence. Silence except for the steady drip drip of ink still oozing
from the diary. The basilisk venom had burned a sizzling hole right
through it.
Shaking all over, Harry pulled himself up. His head was spinning as
though he'd just traveled miles by Floo powder. Slowly, he gathered
together his wand and the Sorting Hat, and, with a huge tug, retrieved
the glittering sword from the roof of the basilisk's mouth.
Then came a faint moan from the end of the Chamber. Ginny was
stirring. As Harry hurried toward her, she sat up. Her bemused
eyes traveled from the huge form of the dead basilisk, over Harry, in
his blood-soaked robes, then to the diary in his hand. She drew a great,
shuddering gasp and tears began to pour down her face.
Harry -- oh, Harry -- I tried to tell you at b-breakfast, but I c-couldn't
say it in front of Percy -- it was me, Harry -- but I -- I s-swear I d-
diddt mean to -- R-Riddle made me, he t-took me over -- and - how
did you kill that -- that thing? W-where's Riddle? The last thing I r-
remember is him coming out of the diary --
 It's all right, said Harry, holding up the diary, and showing Ginny the
fang hole, Riddle's finished. Look! Him and the basilisk. C'mon,
Ginny, let's get out of here --
I'm going to be expelled! Ginny wept as Harry helped her
awkwardly to her feet. I've looked forward to coming to Hogwarts
ever since B-Bill came and n-now I'll have to leave and -- w-what'll
Mum and Dad say?
Fawkes was waiting for them, hovering in the Chamber entrance.
Harry urged Ginny forward; they stepped over the motionless coils of
the dead basilisk, through the echoing gloom, and back into the tunnel.
Harry heard the stone doors close behind them with a soft hiss.
After a few minutes' progress up the dark tunnel, a distant sound of
slowly shifting rock reached Harry's ears.
Ron! Harry yelled, speeding up. Ginny's okay! I've got her!
He heard Ron give a strangled cheer, and they turned the next bend to
see his eager face staring through the sizable gap he had managed to
make in the rock fall.
Ginny! Ron thrust an arm through the gap in the rock to pull
321,3
her through first. You're alive! I don't believe it! What happened?
How - what -- where did that bird come from?
Fawkes had swooped through the gap after Ginny.
He's Dumbledore's, said Harry, squeezing through himself
How come you've got a sword? said Ron, gaping at the glittering
weapon in Harry's hand.
I'll explain when we get out of here, said Harry with a sideways
glance at Ginny, who was crying harder than ever.
But --
Later, Harry said shortly. He didn't think it was a good idea to tell
Ron yet who'd been opening the Chamber, not in front of Ginny,
anyway. Where's Lockhart?
Back there, said Ron, still looking puzzled but jerking his head up the
tunnel toward the pipe. He's in a bad way. Come and see.
Led by Fawkes, whose wide scarlet wings emitted a soft golden glow
in the darkness, they walked all the way back to the mouth of the pipe.
Gilderoy Lockhart was sitting there, humming placidly to himself.
His memory's gone, said Ron. The Memory Charm backfired. Hit
him instead of us. Hasn't got a clue who he is, or where he is, or who
we are. I told him to come and wait here. He's a danger to himself
Lockhart peered good-naturedly up at them all.
Hello, he said. Odd sort of place, this, isn't it? Do you live here?
No, said Ron, raising his eyebrows at Harry.
Harry bent down and looked up the long, dark pipe.
Have you thought how we're going to get back up this? he said to
Ron.
*324*
Ron shook his head, but Fawkes the phoenix had swooped past Harry
and was now fluttering in front of him, his beady eyes bright in the
dark. He was waving his long golden tail feathers. Harry looked
uncertainly at him.
He looks like he wants you to grab hold. . . said Ron, looking
perplexed. But you're much too heavy for a bird to pull up there -
Fawkes, said Harry, isn't an ordinary bird. He turned quickly to the
others. We've got to hold on to each other. Ginny, grab Ron's hand.
Professor Lockhart --
He means you, said Ron sharply to Lockhart.
You hold Ginny's other hand --
Harry tucked the sword and the Sorting Hat into his belt, Ron took
hold of the back of Harry's robes, and Harry reached out and took
hold of Fawkes's strangely hot tail feathers.
An extraordinary lightness seemed to spread through his whole body
and the next second, in a rush of wings, they were flying upward
through the pipe. Harry could hear Lockhart dangling below him,
saying, Amazing! Amazing! This is just like magic! The chill air was
whipping through Harry's hair, and before he'd stopped enjoying the
ride, it was over -- all four of them were hitting the wet floor of
Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, and as Lockhart straightened his hat, the
sink that hid the pipe was sliding back into place.
Myrtle goggled at them.
You're alive, she said blankly to Harry.
There's no need to sound so disappointed, he said grimly, wiping
flecks of blood and slime off his glasses.
* 325*
Oh, well ... Id just been thinking ... if you had died, you'd have been
welcome to share my toilet, said Myrtle, blushing silver.
Urgh! said Ron as they left the bathroom for the dark, deserted
corridor outside. Harry! I think Myrtle's grown fond of you! You've
got competition, Ginny!
But tears were still flooding silently down Ginny's face.
Where now? said Ron, with an anxious look at Ginny. Harry pointed.
Fawkes was leading the way, glowing gold along the corridor. They
strode after him, and moments later, found themselves outside
Professor McGonagall's office.
Harry knocked and pushed the door open.
G F-I A P T E IR
k' I G 14 T V V N
DO
Y'$ REWARD
or a moment there was silence as Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Lockhart
stood in the doorway, covered in muck and slime and (in Harry's case)
blood. Then there was a scream.
Ginny!
It was Mrs. Weasley, who had been sitting crying in front of the fire.
She leapt to her feet, closely followed by Mr. Weasley, and both of
them flung themselves on their daughter.
Harry, however, was looking past them. Professor Dumbledore was
standing by the mantelpiece, beaming, next to Professor McGonagall,
who was taking great, steadying gasps, clutching her chest. Fawkes
went whooshing past Harry's ear and settled on Dumbledore's
shoulder, just as Harry found himself and Ron being swept into Mrs.
Weasleys tight embrace.
You saved her! You saved her! How did you do it?
I think we'd all like to know that, said Professor McGonagall weakly.
Mrs. Weasley let go of Harry, who hesitated for a moment, then
walked over to the desk and laid upon it the Sorting Hat, the
rubyencrusted sword, and what remained of Riddle's diary.
Then he started telling them everything. For nearly a quarter of an
hour he spoke into the rapt silence: He told them about hearing the
disembodied voice, how Hermione had finally realized that he was
hearing a basilisk in the pipes; how he and Ron had followed the
spiders into the forest, that Aragog had told them where the last
victim of the basilisk had died; how he had guessed that Moaning
Myrtle had been the victim, and that the entrance to the Chamber of
Secrets might be in her bathroom ....
Very well, Professor McGonagall prompted him as he paused, so
you found out where the entrance was -- breaking a hundred school
rules into pieces along the way, I might add - but how on earth did
you all get out of there alive, Potter?
So Harry, his voice now growing hoarse from all this talking, told
them about Fawkes's timely arrival and about the Sorting Hat giving
him the sword. But then he faltered. He had so far avoided
mentioning Riddle's diary -- or Ginny. She was standing with her
head against Mrs. Weasley's shoulder, and tears were still coursing
silently down her cheeks. What if they expelled her? Harry thought in
panic. Riddle's diary didn't work anymore .... How could they prove
it had been he who'd made her do it all?
Instinctively, Harry looked at Dumbledore, who smiled faintly, the
firelight glancing off his half-moon spectacles.
 What interests me most, said Dumbledore gently, is how Lord
Voldemort managed to enchant Ginny, when my sources tell me he is
currently in hiding in the forests of Albania.
*328*
Relief -- warm, sweeping, glorious relief -- swept over Harry. W-
what's that? said Mr. Weasley in a stunned voice. YouKnow-Who?
En-enchant Ginny? But Ginny's not ... Ginny hasn't been ... has she?
It was this diary, said Harry quickly, picking it up and showing it to
Dumbledore. Riddle wrote it when he was sixteen . . . .
Dumbledore took the diary from Harry and peered keenly down his
long, crooked nose at its burnt and soggy pages.
Brilliant, he said softly. Of course, he was probably the most
brilliant student Hogwarts has ever seen. He turned around to the
Weasleys, who were looking utterly bewildered.
Very few people know that Lord Voldemort was once called Tom
Riddle. I taught him myself, fifty years ago, at Hogwarts. He
disappeared after leaving the school ... traveled far and wide ... sank
so deeply into the Dark Arts, consorted with the very worst of our
kind, underwent so many dangerous, magical transformations, that
when he resurfaced as Lord Voldemort, he was barely recognizable.
Hardly anyone connected Lord Voldemort with the clever,
handsome boy who was once Head Boy here.
But, Ginny, said Mrs. Weasley. What's our Ginny got to do with -
with -- him?
His d-diaryl Ginny sobbed. I've b-been writing in it, and he's been
w-writing back all year --
tinny! said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. Haven't I taught you
anything. What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can
think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain? Why didn't
you show the diary to me, or your mother? A suspicious object like
that, it was clearly full of Dark Magic ='
*329*
I d-didn't know, sobbed Ginny. I found it inside one of the books
Mum got me. I th-thought someone had just left it in there and
forgotten about it --
Miss Weasley should go up to the hospital wing right away,
Dumbledore interrupted in a firm voice. This has been a terrible
ordeal for her. There will be no punishment. Older and wiser wizards
than she have been hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort. He strode over
to the door and opened it. Bed rest and perhaps a large, steaming
mug of hot chocolate. I always find that cheers me up, he added,
twinkling kindly down at her. You will find that Madam Pomfrey is
still awake. She's just giving out Mandrake juice -- I daresay the
basilisk's victims will be waking up any moment.
So Hermione's okay! said Ron brightly.
There has been no lasting harm done, Ginny, said Dumbledore.
Mrs. Weasley led Ginny out, and Mr. Weasley followed, still looking
deeply shaken.
You know, Minerva, Professor Dumbledore said thoughtfully to
Professor McGonagall, I think all this merits a good feast. Might I ask
you to go and alert the kitchens?
Right, said Professor McGonagall crisply, also moving to the door.
I'll leave you to deal with Potter and Weasley, shall I?
Certainly, said Dumbledore.
She left, and Harry and Ron gazed uncertainly at Dumbledore. What
exactly had Professor McGonagall meant, deal with them? Surely -
surely - they weren't about to be punished?
I seem to remember telling you both that I would have to expel you if
you broke any more school rules, said Dumbledore.
*%30*
Ron opened his mouth in horror.
Which goes to show that the best of us must sometimes eat our
words, Dumbledore went on, smiling. You will both receive Special
Awards for Services to the School and -- let me see - yes, I think two
hundred points apiece for Gryffindor.
Ron went as briglitly pink as Lockhart's valentine flowers and closed
his mouth again.
But one of us seems to be keeping mightily quiet about his part in this
dangerous adventure, Dumbledore added. Why so modest,
Gilderoy?
Harry gave a start. He had completely forgotten about Lockhart. He
turned and saw that Lockhart was standing in a corner of the room,
still wearing his vague smile. When Dumbledore addressed him,
Lockhart looked over his shoulder to see who he was talking to.
Professor Dumbledore, Ron said quickly, there was an accident
down in the Chamber of Secrets. Professor Lockhart --
Am I a professor? said Lockhart in mild surprise. Goodness. I
expect I was hopeless, was I?
He tried to do a Memory Charm and the wand backfired, Ron
explained quietly to Dumbledore.
Dear me, said Dumbledore, shaking his head, his long silver
mustache quivering. Impaled upon your own sword, Gilderoy!
Sword? said Lockhart dimly. Haven't got a sword. That boy has,
though. He pointed at Harry. He'll lend you one.
Would you mind taking Professor Lockhart up to the infirmary, too?
Dumbledore said to Ron. Id like a few more words with Harry .....
Lockhart ambled out. Ron cast a curious look back at Dumbledore and
Harry as he closed the door.
Dumbledore crossed to one of the chairs by the fire.
Sit down, Harry, he said, and Harry sat, feeling unaccountably
nervous.
First of all, Harry, I want to thank you, said Dumbledore, eyes
twinkling again. You must have shown me real loyalty down in the
Chamber. Nothing but that could have called Fawkes to you.
He stroked the phoenix, which had fluttered down onto his knee.
Harry grinned awkwardly as Dumbledore watched him.
And so you met Tom Riddle, said Dumbledore thoughtfully. I
imagine he was most interested in you . . . . 
Suddenly, something that was nagging at Harry came tumbling out of
his mouth.
Professor Dumbledore ... Riddle said I'm like him. Strange likenesses,
he said ......
Did he, now? said Dumbledore, looking thoughtfully at Harry from
under his thick silver eyebrows. And what do you think, Harry?
I don't think I'm like him! said Harry, more loudly than he'd intended.
I mean, I'm -- I'm in Gryffindor, I'm . . .
But he fell silent, a lurking doubt resurfacing in his mind.
Professor, he started again after a moment. The Sorting Hat told me
Id -- Id have done well in Slytherin. Everyone thought I was Slytherin's
heir for a while ... because I can speak Parseltongue ....
You can speak Parseltongue, Harry, said Dumbledore calmly,
because Lord Voldemort -- who is the last remaining ancestor
*$32*
of Salazar Slytherin -- can speak Parseltongue. Unless I'm much
mistaken, he transferred some of his own powers to you the night he
gave you that scar. Not something he intended to do, I'm sure ....
Voldemort put a bit of himself in me? Harry said, thunderstruck.
It certainly seems so.
So I should be in Slytherin, Harry said, looking desperately into
Dumbledore's face. The Sorting Hat could see Slytherin's power in
me, and it --
Put you in Gryffindor, said Dumbledore calmly. Listen to me, Harry.
You happen to have many qualities Salazar Slytherin prized in his hand-
picked students. His own very rare gift, Parseltongue -
resourcefulness - determination -- a certain disregard for rules, he
added, his mustache quivering again. Yet the Sorting Hat placed you
in Gryffindor. You know why that was. Think.
It only put me in Gryffindor, said Harry in a defeated voice, because
I asked not to go in Slytherin . . . .
`Exactly, said Dumbledore, beaming once more. Which makes you
very different from Tom Riddle. It is our choices, Harry, that show what
we truly are, far more than our abilities. Harry sat motionless in his
chair, stunned. If you want proof, Harry, that you belong in
Gryffindor, I suggest you look more closely at this.
Dumbledore reached across to Professor McGonagall's desk, picked
up the blood-stained silver sword, and handed it to Harry. Dully, Harry
turned it over, the rubies blazing in the firelight. And then he saw the
name engraved just below the hilt.
Godric Gryffindor
*333*
Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled that out of the hat, Harry,
said Dumbledore simply.
For a minute, neither of them spoke. Then Dumbledore pulled open
one of the drawers in Professor McGonagall's desk and took out a quill
and a bottle of ink.
What you need, Harry, is some food and sleep. I suggest you go down
to the feast, while I write to Azkaban -- we need our gamekeeper
back. And I must draft an advertisement for the Daily Prophet, too, he
added thoughtfully. We'll be needing a new Defense Against the
Dark Arts teacher... Dear me, we do seem to run through them, don't
we?
Harry got up and crossed to the door. He had just reached for the
handle, however, when the door burst open so violently that it bounced
back off the wall.
Lucius Malfoy stood there, fury in his face. And cowering behind his
legs, heavily wrapped in bandages, was Dobby.
Good evening, Lucius, said Dumbledore pleasantly.
Mr. Malfoy almost knocked Harry over as he swept into the room.
Dobby went scurrying in after him, crouching at the hem of his cloak,
a look of abject terror on his face.
The elf was carrying a stained rag with which he was attempting to
finish cleaning Mr. Malfoys shoes. Apparently Mr. Malfoy had set out
in a great hurry, for not only were his shoes half-polished, but his
usually sleek hair was disheveled. Ignoring the elf bobbing
apologetically around his ankles, he fixed his cold eyes upon
Dumbledore.
So! he said You've come back. The governors suspended you, but
you still saw fit to return to Hogwarts.
*%$4*
Well, you see, Lucius, said Dumbledore, smiling serenely, the
other eleven governors contacted me today. It was something like
being caught in a hailstorm of owls, to tell the truth. They'd heard that
Arthur Weasleys daughter had been killed and wanted me back here
at once. They seemed to think I was the best man for the job after
all. Very strange tales they told me, too .... Several of them seemed
to think that you had threatened to curse their families if they didn't
agree to suspend me in the first place.
Mr. Malfoy went even paler than usual, but his eyes were still slits of
fury.
So -- have you stopped the attacks yet? he sneered. Have you
caught the culprit?
We have, said Dumbledore, with a smile.
Well?said Mr. Malfoy sharply. Who is it?
The same person as last time, Lucius, said Dumbledore. But this
time, Lord Voldemort was acting through somebody else. By means
of this diary.
He held up the small black book with the large hole through the
center, watching Mr. Malfoy closely. Harry, however, was watching
Dobby.
The elf was doing something very odd. His great eyes fixed
meaningfully on Harry, he kept pointing at the diary, then at Mr.
Malfoy, and then hitting himself hard on the head with his fist.
I see. . . said Mr. Malfoy slowly to Dumbledore.
A clever plan, said Dumbledore in a level voice, still staring Mr.
Malfoy straight in the eye. Because if Harry here --Mr. Malfoy shot
Harry a swift, sharp look -- and his friend Ron hadn't discovered
this book, why -- Ginny Weasley might have taken all
*335*
the blame. No one would ever have been able to prove she hadn't
acted of her own free will ......
Mr. Malfoy said nothing. His face was suddenly masklike.
And imagine, Dumbledore went on, what might have happened
then .... The Weasleys are one of our most prominent pure-blood
families. Imagine the effect on Arthur Weasley and his Muggle
Protection Act, if his own daughter was discovered attacking and -
killing Muggle-borns .... Very fortunate the diary was discovered,
and Riddle's memories wiped from it. Who knows what the
consequences might have been otherwise ......
Mr. Malfoy forced himself to speak.
Very fortunate, he said stiffly.
And still, behind his back, Dobby was pointing, first to the diary,
then to Lucius Malfoy, then punching himself in the head.
And Harry suddenly understood. He nodded at Dobby, and Dobby
backed into a corner, now twisting his ears in punishment.
Don't you want to know how Ginny got hold of that diary, Mr.
Malfoy? said Harry.
Lucius Malfoy rounded on him.
How should I know how the stupid little girl got hold of it? he said.
Because you gave it to her, said Harry. In Flourish and Blotts.
You picked up her old Transfiguration book and slipped the diary
inside it, didn't you?
He saw Mr. Malfoy's white hands clench and unclench.
Prove it, he hissed.
Oh, no one will be able to do that, said Dumbledore, smiling at
Harry. Not now that Riddle has vanished from the book. On
*336*
the other hand, I would advise you, Lucius, not to go giving out any
more of Lord Voldemort's old school things. If any more of them find
their way into innocent hands, I think Arthur Weasley, for one, will
make sure they are traced back to you ......
Lucius Malfoy stood for a moment, and Harry distinctly saw his right
hand twitch as though he was longing to reach for his wand. Instead,
he turned to his house-elf
We're going, Dobby!
He wrenched open the door and as the elf came hurrying up to him,
he kicked him right through it. They could hear Dobby squealing with
pain all the way along the corridor. Harry stood for a moment,
thinking hard. Then it came to him -
Professor Dumbledore, he said hurriedly. Can I give that diary
back to Mr. Malfoy, please?
Certainly, Harry, said Dumbledore calmly. But hurry. The feast,
remember ......
Harry grabbed the diary and dashed out of the office. He could hear
Dobby's squeals of pain receding around the corner. Quickly,
wondering if this plan could possibly work, Harry took off one of his
shoes, pulled off his slimy, filthy sock, and stuffed the diary into it.
Then he ran down the dark corridor.
He caught up with them at the top of the stairs.
Mr. Malfoy, he gasped, skidding to a halt, I've got something for
you --
And he forced the smelly sock into Lucius Malfoy's hand.
)What the --?
Mr. Malfoy ripped the sock off the diary, threw it aside, then looked
furiously from the ruined book to Harry.
*',531*
You'll meet the same sticky end as your parents one of these days,
Harry Potter, he said softly. They were meddlesome fools, too.
He turned to go.
Come, Dobby. I said, come.
But Dobby didn't move. He was holding up Harry's disgusting, slimy
sock, and looking at it as though it were a priceless treasure.
Master has given a sock, said the elf in wonderment. Master gave
it to Dobby.
What's that? spat Mr. Malfoy. What did you say?
Got a sock, said Dobby in disbelief. Master threw it, and Dobby
caught it, and Dobby -- Dobby is free. 
Lucius Malfoy stood frozen, staring at the elf Then he lunged at
Harry.
You've lost me my servant, boy!
But Dobby shouted, You shall not harm Harry Potter!
There was a loud bang, and Mr. Malfoy was thrown backward. He
crashed down the stairs, three at a time, landing in a crumpled heap
on the landing below. He got up, his face livid, and pulled out his
wand, but Dobby raised a long, threatening finger.
You shall go now, he said fiercely, pointing down at Mr. Malfoy.
You shall not touch Harry Potter. You shall go now.
Lucius Malfoy had no choice. With a last, incensed stare at the pair
of them, he swung his cloak around him and hurried out of sight.
Harry Potter freed Dobby! said the elf shrilly, gazing up at Harry,
moonlight from the nearest window reflected in his orb-like eyes.
Harry Potter set Dobby free!
Least I could do, Dobby, said Harry, grinning. Just promise never
to try and save my life again.
The elf's ugly brown face split suddenly into a wide, toothy smile.
I've just got one question, Dobby, said Harry as Dobby pulled on
Harry's sock with shaking hands. You told me all this had nothing to
do with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, remember? Well --
It was a clue, sir, said Dobby, his eyes widening, as though this was
obvious. Was giving you a clue. The Dark Lord, before he changed
his name, could be freely named, you see?
Right, said Harry weakly. Well, Id better go. There's a feast, and
my friend Hermione should be awake by now .....
Dobby threw his arms around Harry's middle and hugged him.
Harry Potter is greater by far than Dobby knew! he sobbed.
Farewell, Harry Potter!
And with a final loud crack, Dobby disappeared.
Harry had been to several Hogwarts feasts, but never one quite like
this. Everybody was in their pajamas, and the celebration lasted all
night. Harry didn't know whether the best bit was Hermione running
toward him, screaming You solved it! You solved it! or Justin
hurrying over from the Hufflepuff table to wring. his hand and
apologize endlessly for suspecting him, or Hagrid turning up at half
past three, cuffing Harry and Ron so hard on the shoulders that they
were knocked into their plates of trifle, or his and Ron's four hundred
points for Gryffindor securing the House Cup for the second year
running, or Professor McGonagall standing up to
*339*
tell them all that the exams had been canceled as a school treat (Oh,
no! said Hermione), or Dumbledore announcing that, unfortunately,
Professor Lockhart would be unable to return next year, owing to the
fact that he needed to go away and get his memory back. Quite a few
of the teachers joined in the cheering that greeted this news.
Shame, said Ron, helping himself to a jam doughnut. He was
starting to grow on me.
The rest of the final term passed in a haze of blazing sunshine.
Hogwarts was back to normal with only a few, small differences -
Defense Against the Dark Arts classes were canceled (but we've
had plenty of practice at that anyway, Ron told a disgruntled
Hermione) and Lucius Malfoy had been sacked as a school governor.
Draco was no longer strutting around the school as though he owned
the place. On the contrary, he looked resentful and sulky. On the other
hand, Ginny Weasley was perfectly happy again.
Too soon, it was time for the journey home on the Hogwarts Express.
Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny got a compartment to
themselves. They made the most of the last few hours in which they
were allowed to do magic before the holidays. They played Exploding
Snap, set off the very last of Fred and George's Filibuster fireworks,
and practiced disarming each other by magic. Harry was getting very
good at it.
They were almost at King's Cross when Harry remembered
something.
Ginny - what did you see Percy doing, that he didn't want you to tell
anyone?
Oh, that, said Ginny, giggling. Well - Percy's got a girlfriend. Fred
dropped a stack of books on George's head.
What?
It's that Ravenclaw prefect, Penelope Clearwater, said Ginny.
That's who he was writing to all last summer. He's been meeting her
all over the school in secret. I walked in on them kissing in an empty
classroom one day. He was so upset when she was -- you know -
attacked. You won't tease him, will you? she added anxiously.
Wouldn't dream of it, said Fred, who was looking like his birthday
had come early.
Definitely not, said George, sniggering.
The Hogwarts Express slowed and finally stopped.
Harry pulled out his quill and a bit of parchment and turned to Ron
and Hermione.
This is called a telephone number, he told Ron, scribbling it twice,
tearing the parchment in two, and handing it to them. I told your dad
how to use a telephone last summer - he'll know. Call me at the
Dursleys', okay? I can't stand another two months with only Dudley
to talk to ......
Your aunt and uncle will be proud, though, won't they? said
Hermione as they got off the train and joined the crowd thronging
toward the enchanted barrier. When they hear what you did this
year?
Proud? said Harry. Are you crazy? All those times I could've
died, and I didn't manage it? They'll be furious ......
And together they walked back through the gateway to the Muggle
world. '
Push me over, push me over, push me over, I'm a pushover.
Oh yeah, just play the song,
 inside your heart
I got Elvis on my elbow
You put a spell on me
Bright lights in your city lights, all right.
I'd jump right on a big bucket and fly.
deja vu
 in a bottle I'll send the message
But do as you feel
Look both ways now.
Wa wa zat !! time flies
In Mother Earth's soul, yet!
(chorus)
Coming around you may wake up to find
Where the sun goes
But somehow I got fooled
Swap-meet sally
That's all I'm talkin' about
Wooo-oooo
Will this depression last for long?
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up my choice
That's what you're hungry for
Throwin' down, down, tryin' to reach the bottom
Don't you know it means the same to me?
Shu ba da du ma ma ma
Who knows what we'll find?
I hear 
And the Southern girls with the way they talk
religion
I was first one to get in
This next part should really confuse things
But you smashed my heart in two
That sweet rhythm of her own
Why don't you shut up
I had a dream it was really you
 never been new, babe, child. Ow!
Her thunder thong around your neck
Stand up, stand up
The Mid-West farmer's daughters really 
Wash away my suffering, oh
Lyrics for "Act One" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
Badman, looking for attention
Even on the beat, cherry, cherry on the beat
Before they hit the lights
Out upon 
Explodo paint
Ain't no Brinks truck following no hearse
Somethin' to fill in the holes
And I see lonely ships upon the water
Ain't I glad that love is blind?
And I'm searching for the latest thing, a break in this routine
And the thought of the pretty girls
I'm so sad and lonely
Dig, 'cos I got my own world to live through
I got hula girls on the back of my leg
Own me. She owns it.
Pretty woman, walking down the 
I'm just a gigolo and ev'rywhere I go
Heartbreakin' motor drive
With the breaks
Time to play the cards
I think it's time to roll
A man needs love to live, I'm the livin' 
Wow! Them girls are bitin' good tonight
And i lead with my face, well
Hey now baby well you drivin' me crazy
Of Charles River mud.
So what the fuck?
phone numbers
This wild frontier
Must be the heat
If you want love, you've got to give a little
And I'm not looking for 
To love somebody secretly And never 
Here and gone
And you take the second two lines
Late for the hanging, yes he's headed for the moon
Deep inside of me
Ah yeah!
Just go on out and get it
Ow yeah, ow!
In Coconut Groove
Ah, can you shine the light?
Go ahead on Mr. Business man, you can't dress like me.
We think a lot but don't talk much about it
Beyond the seven seas
Now gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
And it's free for a reason you know
And do it right, right now Right now
Bomb the moon until you're crazy dead
Whoa, whoa, pretty woman
Straight from my heart oh tell
You go through life as someone's doormat
Ma and Pa look back on all the things they used to do
Ah, you know
Here's to your thin 
 and a shake
Runnin' long Oooh
Tell me honey, will your lovin' pay my bills, yeah? Pay my bills
How can you be so bold?
I need some sensible shoes
So good, so good, so good So nice
This one blew my mind, oh, uh, hey!
I'm in a cold sweat
 my tune
'Cause it's always been there
That ain't no way to treat the broken-hearted
I want to live so let me die
Best part of a man
Huah! Put it out until Judgement Day
accept
You coukd never, no, no, no, never, beat this squeeze!
Someone 
When the end comes I know
Last Time, Wrong time
Ahh, you reach down put it between my legs n' ease the seat back
Kiss me quick
They're on the T.V., the stereo
Oh, Baby 'cause It's Showtime!
And don't want me tryin' to pin her down
Her top's down
If she can't then no one else can Yeah yeah yeah
Hold on. I'm holdin' on
An' I know, I ain't lucky in nothin'
Ah. Take each step baby, one by one
But it's home, the only life I ever known.
A little heaven right here on earth. Come on!
Let's do it 'til
Only you know how I loathe Tobacco Road.
One thing for certain, ya get nothin' free
Anything else she knows
She wants to send him a letter, uh yeah yeah
Yeah! Feelin'
Uh, come on baby, baby Dance the night away Ooh, ooh, yeah
Can kill you on 
And there I stood and looked down
Girl Girl gone bad
Dream Dream another dream Ooo-ooo-ooo
Think that's where I'm gone I ain't drownin' just wavin'
Stare at disbelief in me when I just up and walk
With a Chevy for my summer home
And careful how you take it
Oh. Hey, it must be good for somethin'
Ahh Got that rhythm, of her own
And ya play it with a little pain
Since someone used my 
Wow! Blue, Hey hey! it makes me blue. Makes her blue
 me some heroin
Lord, I think I found, found, found, found, found
Yesterday I was a bum and broke
Don't have to worry 'bout the man Yeah yeah yeah
beautiful
Oh listen to my story
On the stage I'm in a rage
And I seen all kinds of girls
He fought for the unions
Yeow! Yeah!
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-Baby!
I dig a french 
I been tried and convicted, it's winner take all
I believe it was inevitable
And lookin' for it that makes you slow
Got to have it
That's the trouble with love
Hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight
An' I don't need no drink
So good, so good
And it ain't gonna change
When I flex elvis talks
women turn into beer, the old lady and TV
I got the itch and a restless soul
It's not that you're hiding
Dig that steam
Then, why can't I tell?
Dream Dream another dream Dream another dream
Girl stop complaining
Ow. Oh, oh, got that rhythm
The choice is up to you
Or another man's opinion
Yeah, the whole routine
It's rally no wonder
I'll be lounging on the Rivera
You turn it up loud
The kids must be in bed
Senorita You're exactly what the doctor ordered, come on talk to me
Oo-I, I, I, I
How expensive he was
It's 2 a.m. and traffic's slow
You can tell me bout the things on your mind
Wow! Get-get-get-get-get out and push Hey, buddy better...get out and push
When they're beatin' my boys
That's what makes us Humans Being
you can have a lot.
I broke a heart, simple n' true
Full speed across the nation
Oh, No!
Stay on my wing
Overloaded 
And it feels so nice So nice
But I'm ahead of you
 you need some bringing down
Big big money. Woo!
Every Einstein's assigned
Just admit it's true
Oh, you make me nervous
And when some local kid gets down
She was a-seaside sittin'
and all I've got, I had to steal
We're over budget
Burst mode dynamite
That's what's comin' down on the inside
Ah, have you ever really touched
Keep on wonderin' why it's gettin' so damn cold
Pavement's hot (and the) sidewalk's steamin'
Well he used to go out drinkin' lookin' for a fight
Ooo-ooo Oh, I wanna touch it now
Your iron lung's a bag of wind
But somehow it's all worth it
For what it is worth
But she knows what that'll get her Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin'
You know I'd never lie to ya, baby don't get me wrong
Just a little bit of room
For you to treat me so evilly
To knock me off my feet
Than one 
Crazy feeelings
Can't say the same for today
Nightly and that's all right with me!
Mmmm, da yeah
He's got everything 'cept what I really need
So the last of the wild frontier kings
When it comes to your love now I ain't a bit lazy
Whow! Ow!
Another place, another time, oh!
At that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
Givin' up, givin' up, givin' up your choice
But just remember boy
Like a harpoon
You never, I said you never, never,
Di-yeah, yeah!
I'm sorry honey if I took it just a little too far, yes
Cause you don't get no sportin' chance
Only you know how I loathe
It happens just like that, baby
Reach for the sky
And I'm alone, I'm on the highway
(things on your mind)
I see a glow that fills this room
Gimme another cigarette over here
All we need is music Sweet sweet
So open up and say ahh-men
I love my blacklight
Just could be your boat is comin' in
Your I.Q. plummets fourteen points
She knows exactly what I need
Pigtails and painted toes
What you were like, long before
Oh, oh. A-lookin' good, aw yes
And late at night
Ah But now I see how ya really are
Ain't no way 'round the system
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
Tell us honey, who does your hair?
Tell me a 
Still you want that sugar daddy
Some people live apart
shot down in May.
Show me your bright lights and your city lights, all right.
But I like that bottle better than the rest
Her t-shirt ended early
I want some too! Whoa!
Have your machine call my machine
Now I know all I want
Says you're a stranger here in paradise, you fool
You mean so much to me
Spread your disease like lemmings breeding
When the cream is risin' to 
Will stone you like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
Ain't nothing's once upon a time
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, hah ha ha bottoms up
Alright, if all the hippies cut off all their hair,
, champagne bottle
Ain't no Red House over yonder
Gonna 
I've known you for all of mine
Yeah, make it nice. Ow!
How long can this go on
Is simply frighteninig
Oh, I know honey all I know is what I'm feelin' inside
Drugged into sin
Your bile inside better left unsaid
We can have the best of both worlds
What a sweet talkin' honey with a little bit o' money
I swore I'd found you once again
Yeah, but you just gorra learn
Hey, I feel like a yo-yo, I've been here too long.
Then I'll get on my knees and pray we don't get fooled again no, no! I'll move
Oooh-oooh Little dreamer, yeah. Oh-oh
One eye on the road, price upon his head
 here, honey
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Hold on, one more
Hey, they're out to knock you out n'
Provin' to be a fraud. his own church applauds
You could hear the demons call
Open up and shout it out, never try to sing
You don't think you've ever seen me somewhere before, do you, huh?
Try one together, one time a sec
Saturday night
Oh All I wanna give you woman ooh
Put your head in the clouds
I been thinkin' 'bout it all week long
Well I'm, feelin' better, now that we're through
Here comes baby jet
No one's above suspicion, no one's got it wired
the top
Makin' plan's a waste. Ain't no future here
Wonder why we're Humans Being
Don't get me wrong, I plan on gettin' some soon
Quick stop by the Bulldog
I wanna hear you call my name, feel your touch
And I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh!
You're the one that I want
That a boy like me
Right now Hey, it's your tomorrow
Ooh-oo-ooh, really mine
Come back
Least now I know it's no big ting
Wanted, dead or alive
Oh, oh-oh-oh oh yeah
As we reached for the stars
With just a bit of room
I hold fate from a string
A little heaven right here on earth, yeah
I'm on easy, easy street
It's one that i believe
And all over me. Yeah!
Will I still be lovin' you? Woo!
Ooh, lovin' and a livin' and a treat me like a fool
My defiant dame
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
And when the back door hits you
Now whaddya say?
Yesterday was such an easy game for you to play
A better way ooo-oooh of, of passing the time
Let's 
Too much temptation, 'nuff to kill a generation
Soon you'll see my silhouette a-darkening your door
Yeah, we're all fast breakers comin' outta the gates
Now it's about time
I'm supposed to feel that's fine
But it's my turn at a try
They found a dirty-faced kid in a garbage can, uh ha
San Francisco way Ooh-ooh-ooh
So if you're lookin' for adventure
So ante up or let 'em go
She decides and you agree: she's leavin'
Now if love is blind why did her stockings
Now take the traveler and the tourist
Stand yp, stand up
And we can rock all night
Said, "Keep my husband away from me...
payment
Turn your cheek a little,
My resistence fails tempations got
But they don't know and they can't see
You're comin' up now
Everything turns out all right
We'll be fighting in 
Fresh from out of town
You know it's more than just an aggravation
I'll probably
Oooh ooh ooh Honey I ain't through with you
Give me your heart
Uh, come on!
Honey 'cause It's Showtime!
Pianoman, in the mood for a melody
Oooh-oooh
Your page or mine...
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Pretty woman, don't walk on by
Maybe in your dreams
This is Mean Street You go an' hunt somebody down
Another page is turned
Can I reach it now
Dance oh the night away. Hey, hey, yeah!
All you do is use me babe
I live my life like there's no tomorrow
Makes my heart sing
That's one of the reasons that I was outta place
I'm just Radar
 do it
You wonder why your life is screaming
But no prob bob and murphy
So how's that I'm always winding up
Oh, come on and take me back
Of the evening go by
That's what the preacher man said.
Hey, we're already gone.
Can't help myself , bad habits
There would come a day when 
Yeah! A-hey, hey, hey!
Take me where history unfolds!
Wave on, wave on
And she said:
Greatest thing you've ever seen
I'm in your beds. Your beds
Until sunup
Go for the action, with no distractions yeah
Can't control your future,
My toes
One time boys!
I am the ruler of these netherworlds
God damn it lady. You know I ain't lyin' to ya
It makes her radiant
 that I ain't lucky
No truer words have ever been said
My love life was a darn disgrace
Yea-yeah!
Pretty woman, look my way
But still lookin' alright, yeah
Ahh Never bad enough to crucify me.
Humans, Humans Being
 your bags."
Don't 
Down here at land's edge
They both were trouble
Sometimes you win sometimes you lose
Uh well, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble
Cuz I ain't got nobody
Perhaps you know my name...
Ooh I need your lovin', come on baby, take me home
I'm melting
Hey, come on man. Wake up
 out now though, Dave's got somethin' for you
An' wind's in your beer can
Oh yea
Same amount, in n' out
Ah you, just tell him anything
sea to shining sea.
Gotta, gotta, gotta work it out
More impressive still
Now lose the dress, keep the 
Is only a heartbeat away
I tell you honey now you've let 
Good God y'all
But you only like it rough
Dial 1-900-SPANKED!
You will feel my voice
A corvette stingray, I do it my way
Yeah they always try to nail ya
the master
where we can sweat it all out and laugh."
To make me feel almost guilty
That we belong together
Oh, I know you wanna touch
Is too hard to swallow
In the absence, there's a presence in my heart
Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin' Now Jamie wouldn't say all right
 what we'll find?
It should mean a little, a little more Ahh-ahh
I ain't got nobody
Just when I'm gettin' kinda used to the taste
I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble, ah!
Uh-know what I want
A hot dog and a shake
Flat stone cold lied to
My wicked wicked ways
I've parked my speedboat next to some
cowboy
I been dreamin' 'bout tomorrow
each time that I find myself flat on my face
'Cause that's what love is made of
Ah-ah. Summer nights
Your magic free
I'm your ice cream man baby, stop me when I'm passin' by
Can't survive and think to win
Don't show 'em where it's hid.
Call me 40 Below
I'm coming straight for your heart
Hey, hey, hey!
Hours and hours
Don't wanna be no uptown fool
People try to blame me,
Deadman, living for tomorrow
No dolphin needs to tell me
I say, "No one moves...
And you must never wait...,
So this is love?
Dance the night away
Will make me sick or poor or fat
 route
Have you ever really touched
And I'm seein' what no one else will ever know
Into a world so far from home
You got it tough, I've seen the toughest around
Mother Nature piss her pants and when
Cuz I ain't so bad
Satin Doll
Fooled me with her style and ease
Good enough, ta
No big t'ing
Come on baby, show your love
Get it on,
No doubt!
I'm tryin to hear from the mildew
I'm talkin' 'bout the Yankee Rose.
I'm hot for teacher!
It takes up all your time
Please don't think about the time going by
Price of an education
'Cause it's 3-6-9 time
I said, "Don't get smart with an angel, babe
Maybe enough ain't enough for you
Ain't even worth a song
Then you say you won't
`cause this band is tight
Hey, all depends how ya see it
The gypsy said the problem with you
Hey fool, wise up, better late than never
make it bump and grind.
All band members rambling together
Searchin' everywhere, you turn and swear Ahh-ahh-ahh
Excedrin Headache #65
Now I've got 
'Cause the ice-man's comin'
Hey hey hey!
The moon's on the rise
Before you hear what I have to say
One shot for the real go-getter
Took a dozen lawyers
Splash that holy water on me
And my mind goes hot to cool
No starving kid to make the case
Sting like a B-52
I don't mind, I don't mind,
I'll bear that same old cross same ol' cross
He buddy, take a number
Least likely to succeed
Salesman, try and sell you his soul
Oh Takers need a giver, this much you understand
Or hang around to be born again
No Oh this ain't television, but it's more than it seems
Available
Knucklebones
And if you think that violence
 between the stage and the welfare door
, push it in, uh!
Will you ever be the same?
Sail away with someone's daughter
Just as long as you are there
I heard 
They're dancin' in Chicago They'll be dancin'
Uh, that's for sure
Here's one for hte road
Was from a helicopter
Photographs
But I'm gonna wave my freak flag high, high.
Not so easy to find, no-oh
Do exist
Over there. nobody, got no one, nobody
And it's compulsory.
Go see baby now-ah!
She came from Dallas
Been standin' still. With more time to kill
 plan.
I can feel it, the
Sideways
Hey baby can I be excused, I can't take no more
Oh, oh, Oh! 
Now, I don't care if you're John Lennon, baby, I just
Well, i may not be the best lookin'
An nothin' 
Well, i can't dance
An' lil Jack frost
Used to be I couldn't sleep at night, baby
So it must have been two other people
Dead or alive, ow-ow!
Yeah! All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh
Oh, wham bam, oh Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
You gotta get right back to where we started from
And I think I like, I think I like, I like what I see
I had some crazy vision, one I can't deny it
I found a lover ain't afraid of the dark
How did you know that golden rule?
Straight from the heart, oh tell
Mmmm, I'm a tell ya now
When you hear that curtain call
But I know that someday, somehow, you'll learn to love.
From broadway to cheyenne
But get it in writing.
You know I'm beggin' you baby
Over there, over there!
To the California coast
Makes me scream
Oooh-oooh You were, the little dreamer. Yeah-yeah!
Giant butt
I was a face in the mob
While she's out doin' Yankee doodie
Grow it long, shave it off
Or you can fake it
I felt no pain
(pre-chorus)
Like watching someone reinvent
Purple mountain's majesty really talk to me
And on 
history
To make 
Well, I think I know who
Win or lose Oooh
Yeah, I figured I was gonna go down
If you think the moment's right
It's 8:05, it's time to rock
Is this flash infatuation
Just play the song,
No prob, we'll fix it in the mix
She'll be gone tomorrow like the silent 
One by one, little 
Baby, PLEASE!! Little ain't enough, aw yeah, Wow!
Lookin' good through the window
She wouldn't have heard
Just to get to Carnegie
You've got to give
 of great things
Do it right here and now
Gonna drive on by
Pretty woman, the kind I'd like to meet
Here today, gone late today
In my imagination
Same amount, woo! In 'n out
Wow! I'm gone! Ooh yeah! Oh!
Gonna wave at you
The matter of the real fact is
By the seat of my pants
Baby, don't get uptight
Constitution take a bow for the new revolution smile and grin at the change all
Ow, come back to your senses baby, we can come to terms
 words that you legislate
Oo, I feel romantic.
Uh! Ouch!
You be Barbie Doll
Tell me you won't go, you won't go
For in the end, there will be equality
Top Jimmy, he's the king!
Hey, Gonna make her feel nice So nice
Feelin' so cold
Ow, hold on
Yeah, yeah, livin' with the aftershock
banana
Oh, baby please, I can't take it anymore
They said our love was out of sight,
, the circus just left town
Once believed, can't ever lose faith
Whoa, the Hammerhead Shark
Yeah! Got to, got to bleed, baby
'cause that big ol' world keeps spinnin' 'round.
Oh Jimmy
Cookin' up that old time, long lost 
Here come one more drop in the the bucket
It's like you been here before
Shake it up, bake it up nice, uh!
Wanting my pie in the sky
Pointing their plastic finger at me.
I'm your wave-toss guy
Crank it! Blow out!
night stands
I think I heard an angel sigh
If I'm wrong, then I'll pay for it
Top Jimmy,
He's got the sound that everybody digs!
It's on my back but it ain't my monkey, no! Oh yeah
Is too good to be true...
Noone's pitchin' 
start all over again
If it ain't the real thing
 fumblin'
And you can analyze this situation
Take it from me baby
An' when I need somp'in to soothe my soul
I never seen a woman move so slow
They say you only live twice
So get on, outta the way
Senorita I'm in trouble again and I can't 
Uh uh uh
I don't, I don't, I don't. Whaa-ha!
Change
I wanna be there with you
Or honey, give it up
Lost my soul when I walked out on you
And if it don't come easily
She's red She's wild In overdrive
Is they are to life
De chimichanga
Mmm baby, make up your mind Make up your mind
Yeah yeah yeah...
The flavor of the month is you
Lord, a lot a' pride
People know the bar I'm playing
All right!
Thug Pop. Thug Pop.
headed your way
I'll give you bright red cheeks
They sent the sheriff down to try an' drive us away
This is the atom age
I'm a broadway bullet
Yeah, got to try, try
Be your own best friend
Oh baby, you know that I like it
Loss of 
I'm sure that there were times, life could be unkind
First you're up
For starters you could buy me a drink...
Wiseman, following a star
And I see the same old faces and I hear that same old talk
Sexy dragon magic
Of the North Star calling
An' he's unemployed Unemployed? Ow!
Yeah, I barely survived
Take one good look
No more tell you woman
Oh yeah, let's get it on,
I know the law, friend
but honey tell me can you tell that story twice?
Babe, it's rotten to the core
With my hot pursuits
You give every inch
Thought you'd never miss me till I got a fat city address
That's life, That's Life
And the next best thing was me
Feel it. Can you feel it?
Back to the cutest girls in the world
Show, show your love babe
She put the cream in my coffee first thing in the morning
 up your mind Make up your mind
I'm double- parked
Some say three parts dirt
Yeah, don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown
Ooh Ya got to have it quick Got to have it quick
And I said "Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does"
Cuz I gotta be kept
But all this here can't be worth my piece of the pie
Now they're pushing strollers
Woop! Woop! Woop!
Fools, Oh oh I live with fools. Whoa! Yeah
So the lone ranger rides again
I've got it bad, so bad
Guitar Solo
Don't make sense
Yeah, the Hammerhead Shark
Well you bring ultra-new
Ow! Yeah Girl Girl, ooh, ooh, ooh
 Solo
We were sittin' ducks for the police man
 selling each romance
Don't give up
God only knows
Philadelphia, P.A.
Unspoiled by progress
, it don't let you pass
Gimme everything I need
Today I am a star and broke
Not now, 
Dance Dance the night away
Oh yeah, people,
Kid'll land on his feet
We take a chance with new beginnings
When the moon is full
Til patience Ahh-ahh-ahh runs her course?
Isn't that what people say?
Woman, all you want is good as it can get. Ah yeah
Produce me daddy,
I got me my apolitical blues
Or it won't feel right
I never tried to kiss
Those eyes burn holes
I'm Learning To See!!!
Potential lovers, new worlds to discover
Last Call
A little atom contained within
Oh! How does it feel when it's love?
Don't you trust me trust me
Falls between the cracks
When we say our goodbyes
Woo, come here, honey. Come here, come here, come here
Why's he do it?
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
Yeah-yeah-ow!
It ain't goin' away
Just pay my accountant
Has got so many , bad habits
I got no time to mess around
To tell, or not the truth yeah
Cut, and that's the take
Well, just plain, clean, and simple
infatuation
Oooooohhhhh yeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
Kind of creature
How many
Ah-hah!
I think I hear freedom drummin'
Girl Girl, you really got me now
So baby dry your eyes
They said he used to sleep the sleep of the just
But it's the only song I know
Oscar, Grammy, triple whammy
What a 
An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Oh! Ow!
The less you fall down
get me while I'm hot.
He made her feel so sad
Got a lotta things on my mind
You've got to give to live
If you know what you want,
I got a fast car, go cruisin' down the highway
This time we got it right! yeah
It all just kinda happened
Baby make the best of what you have in hand. Oh yeah
make it work
Baby, let me run
I'm a spark on the horizon
By the time mine usually do
 it cool,
Reach out for me
Says it's a sex problem
Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh-uh-Wow!
Or what was he worth
Say live and let live, so quick to judge
Hey, is Greg back yet?
Oh yeah
Go on and say yes, and really mean no
We outta space!
This dream is over Ooo-ooo-ooo
Ahhrrrr!
Fall mountains, just don't fall on me
There's a star upon your door
It's like Peter Pan an' Tinkerbell
Yeah, hot damn, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
Uncle Danny had a gold tattoo
And he don't come home for half the week
Pretty woman, yeah yeah yeah
If that's the way it must be, okay
Sweet music sweet sweet music
Yeah! I'm walkin', don't need no ride No explanation, just wastin' time, yeah. All my time
An armed assailant
You know you gotta pay
There ain't no doubt!
Get the riot squad
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Gimme some o' that
Experience, Do I understand
You do the Dogtown Shuffle
Ah-wow- yeh
Get-get-get-get-get out and push All right you sinners, swing!
Leave your name and number
Once first, once can't ever be not everlast
Uh I don't wanna, I'll do what I please
And accompany me, to the ends of the earth, ah yeah
Right cuz I'm without me
They keep their boyfriends warm at night
Aaahhh!
I'm usually passin' by just around eleven o'clock
So come on baby
They told me it was Chairman Mao-uh
Well, up for grabs, up for grabs, up for grabs, I am up for grabs.
And we just rock on from there?
To get a goddamn beer
Lookin' for a 
The fact from the fancy
Ah ah You're gonna hear the angels sing, they'll say
problems
Whh'll hold the horses
You would think I really have it made now
They took a chance
Peace, love and harmony
On the inside
So autobiographic!
And I know, baby, just how you feel
Mmmmmmmmmmm...
Sucker Sucker, all dressed up in a 3 piece suit
Oooh-ooo-ooh
Miles and miles from nowhere
With the conviction of the unseen
I'm the one, the one you love
 'n clear
Tellin' me there's 
You want it straight from the heart oh, tell
Teacher don't you see?
Shake them poor boys down
Hey! Got to, got to bleed baby
I've been lied to, from town to town
This could damage your reputation
I'm falling
Don't mess around
the show
Ya feel the winds of chang
I don't know what it's like
Aw, but uh, she just lookin' good
But you I never fool
I-I just don't wanna talk
You'll lose her in that turn
Bop ba da, shoo-be do-wah
If the world loves a bad guy
I wish i may i wish i might
 to scare me
Can ya feel the geat
So pretty when her rockets glare,
Papers and smile at the sky though I know that the hypnotized never lie do ya?
Ahh-ahh And when it's over
When they gotcha comin' in, when they gotcha goin' out
Relentless
 poppin', ain't no stoppin' now
Told ya I was comin' back...
There's something that's left behind. uh huh
Under darken skies
I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna
The saints and the sinners
It's alright!
Just when you get
Freedom, never had no room for cowards
Speak in cherry red
So come on Ah every guy, grab a girl, everywhere, 'round the world
Would you wanna know me
Uh, harder the better
Ah yeah! Beautiful girls
Ooh, I could say
Till my personality starts improving
Oh! Gotcha comin' in for the same amount, goin' out
I just wanna hear you say
And try an' ease your situation
My stomch's makin' noise
Memory filling, filling this empty room
Show me!
No, no, no, no don't take 'em off. Don't take...leave 'em on
Is it right, uh, to take the easy way?
Got to know why can't this
Ah, ha-ha!
Is everybody ready? Let's go!
See ya in the funny papers
Dramatic
I'd just roll myself up in a big ball and fly.
But you don't want to hear me
Oh-ooh somebody tell me
I made up my mind,
This is ultra-glide
Ah We'll be comin' back, don't come running to me
You're just some lonely man
Get in my pick-up
So shake it slowly
Ah, y-well, Big Bad Bill don't fight anymore No, he don't
You came here for some love and war
'Cuz I swear I've been there with you
I got puddin' pie, banana dixie cups
Maybe i need therapy
Many times
They say two fools born a minute
An' I'm cold, yeah
Somethin', that's mine all mine all mine
Wake me up
that's what all the people say.
Blasting out the night, his cap hides his eyes
Least now I know it's no big t'ing
Cinderella, waiting for her charming
I tell you honey you're the prettiest girl I know, yes
 magic
Give it up, honey, can't race the wind
Now I've seen everything
An' honey I know what it's worth
Never even wonder
You've got Jesus in the west
I pick myself up and get back in the race.
Ow! Get up. Get up and make it work
Just for leavin'is coming home
Woo! Wham bam, oh Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
It's a long hard way but I'm a-comin'
And I'm under a spell
Oh, oh, oh, she get crazy
We'll make it last forever
Yes I knew
Woo, come on!
Judge I found a lover ain't afraid of the dark
This dream is over. Over, yeah Dream another dream
She said,
Yeah, yeah ow ow!
An' if I ask you not to try, oh could you let it be?
But even this I have to say
Don't have a heartattack
 in the sticks
Tell me, is it enough? Wow!
Walkin' 
Just take me down, down, down
Well, I've always tripped on 
And your feet on the ground
Could this be the one that got away?
You got me so I can't sleep at night
Honey, I'm in love with a Hammerhead Shark
Loopey loop, darling, darling
Now deep inside of me
I'm just a red-blooded heterosexual
Ow! Feels so good
Where the East begins,
And then you change your mind
Don't need to talk about love
I'm sorry babe
Tell me baby please,
Alright, 'cos I got my own world to look through,
Cos the next best thing was nothin' much
There's no need to be denied
One kiss of my lips and a storm begins
But not your sorrows
control
Goin' crazy,
'Cause I've got more bad habits
I been all around this great big world
Yes, I'm searchin'
Wow! Before they hit the lights
I caught a cold
 is all that it takes
And softly she will speak the stars
When Baby?
Oh yeah!
Lost inside my pleasure dome
To get half back
Strawman, don't have a leg to stand on
Only thing that's on my mind
All the other girls, they be put to shame
Well, I can feel it inside of me
Whoo! Gimmee. Ah!
She dressed like Texas
Uh! Uh! Come on, one more time
And we're punpi' thunder
Bad for the rock, bad for the roll
And now I'm gonna lose it 'cause that son of a bitch
More than I had planned
And served it up with class
Since you put it that way
How fast you're willin'
I want some too Oh yeah
It's gettin' late I don't know
You know you're semi-good lookin'
It is Ah, yeah.
So what you're saying could be true
You ain't the girl next door
Teach you your final love lesson
And a twelve room uptown shack
No man need defend
Ready for the top!
So come on baby, please
No Stormy Monday waits for you
Got a pocket full o' 
Now I don't mind some danger
What do you think the teacher's gonna look like this year?
Right now baby, I don't really wanna see your face
Now they believe it
I can hear you softly cry
Oh, yeah!
So many things I didn't tell you
we have a winner for the big first prize.
A bad man on the run
The essential difference is
Ah-ah Well that's all we need, baby. Don'tcha know?
Goes to workin'
I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by
Been a puppet, poet, pirate, pauper; now I'm a king.
With a serious pedigree
Wash it out with soap. Yeah!
That number is forever like the struggle here to win
Pretty woman, don't make me cry
When she should have been with me
First, don't sweat that little shit
All about yours truly
Oh-oh, oh-oh!
Only it was Chairman Mao
A Little bit of luck
You can't imagine
Let's take a walk down Easy 
When ever you're down
And you know it's true
Out of my
I wanted love but cupid missed me
But you turn your eyes from me
When the fire burns
Quiet contemplation
aggravation
And right down to the nick o' time
You got somethin' that just blows my top
Live this life of luxury
Round and round She got the hook
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on all that
Now her name is up in lights Woo!
Don't let this get around Hey! Somebody get me a cheeseburger!
search
Yeah you're leanin' back an' yeah, a foot tappin'
And I traveled to the South.
Got no faith, got no 
Oh baby, we belong in a world that must be strong
And I'm speedin', down that line
Yeah, they talk about you cold when you were
Cuz that light at the end of the tunnel
Once whoa-oh really, really touched?
Oh, little darlin'
I felt the settin' sun on my kingdom come
La-la-la-la
You got to roll with the punches and get to what's real
I know you're in love Oh, women in love
So when we face, face the adversary
Big train when ya' don't know what you're doin'
Alimony!
Ooh, everybody wants some!
Now he gotta see that sweet woman every night
Before he admits he's lost
You can feel it right down
I'm dyin'
I'm making history
Join the family
Hey! I barely survived
Ooh la la!
Gonna drive on through
Oh, oh. Oh!
Every day down here's a rainy day
Be sure you're hurting long before you fly 'cause, you've got me
Ooo-ooo
Hey Sammy, I found a hat and a pair of shoes. Are they yours?
Big river
Back again, yeah
Were the pretty little kids who didn't want it, no
Looking back in anger, the city is relieved
A live wire, barely a 
Just liked barbed wire
Still I struggled on
I feel good So good
Well all right Big Money Oh, big big money Big Money
And it's kickin'
It's all happening downtown
Whispering, In my dreams
Is this the one that got away?
 there ain't no batters
 will pass away
She be headed where the thunder rolls
Well I tried to send a message
Shu ba da du ma ma ma ma
It's really true how nothin' matters
I bet if you asked them our heroes would say,
Yeah Give it here man. Over here
Do i detect
Got drunk and fell into the water.
But not all of yours
all I had was hangin' on my back.
And make a wish.
Arr-heah!
This ain't groovy, this ain't funky
I'm learning To See
No borderline in the sand I'd trace
You'll get it
I think it's time...
It seeems like the harder I work, the more my body needs. Wow!
I don't know. Did you tell me?
All right
Waitin' for love to set me free
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
 to turn
I'm always a sucker for a real good time
There ain't much distance 'tween a pat on the back
Jump on daddy's speakers
Everyday I watch the tide roll in
Wetter the better!
Now trouble seems to fit him like a glove
Pictures on the silver screen
Hey man, everything's all right. Yeah.
'Cause my heart will always be, yours honestly
And I'll ride out towards the outer maze
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! That's what's comin' down
Ow! Forgive me father, for I have sinned
We'll slide right off
You're no good, no good, no good Ah-no!
Shake it baby
Strong magic comin' on
Where the guave worm, well he's mine all mine
, yeah yeah
Try to do it like the good book said
God must love the lazy
 grow cold, no
I'm a skyscraper.
Oooh We gotta try a little dance
"Gentlemen, our honor has been betrayed!
By the time I could teach him
He'd be far too old!"
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. I want some o' that
Goin' to the ocean
Hey Ray, what you said is true, oh
Give me something to write on, man!
I wish they all could be California
Are you online?
I'm telling you
The big policeman wasn't laughing, didn't blink an eye,
A line behind me...
your eyes
stompin' on a dream.
Thinkin' 'bout you and me
Yeah, you got to try
When there's only one under the sun
Burn that schoolhouse down
Well here come faster rats!
(relax if you try)
Won't make me a prince
Vision of light, child of the night passing by
I just pulled up
This is Last Call
She's as strong as the mountains, walks tall as the trees
I'm a real good loser
Hey, Feels so good So good Woo!
Spent a year there last night
Well, that's the trouble with self-improvement
Hey, you're both a bunch of suckers!
All my flavors are guaranteed......to satis-uh-fy
I need everything this life can give me. Hey-hey yeah
Ooh-oo-ooh
Two, three, four
Don't bother knockin' 'cause you know damn well.
This must be just like livin' in paradise
Say hello to my best friend
I don't wanna
Whoa-oh-oh!
See I was born without a silver spoon But I'm gonna make a stir
Good to 
No, nothing could be further
Fools, Oh! I live with fools. Live with fools
 your back
but kept the boots
A goodman, he's hard to find
 like this year?
I ain't drownin' just waving
Make it anyway
No sad songs tonight, something's in the air.
Pass the local 
When you were last mine
Baby, I could let it slide
Ooh-oo-ooh It's just an invitation, 'cross the nation
So sit back and get all comfortable
Got the first step down
A million ways, I've been thinking of
This is not a test
Lemme get on, lemme get on, lemme get on some o' that
Sweet 'n' sour, filiblister
Lost, inside my pleasure dome
Big, time! big time!
Stay Frosty!
Santa Fe to the mid-Atlantic
Welcome to China Town
Whoa, got to turn. Come on, turn this thing around
Gimme everything I want
Put the stone behind, he said
Sucker Sucker yeah, in a 3 piece suit
Do you believe?
But when she leaves, where she goes?
Shiverin' a-shakin'
With some 
Got a feelin' all in my head
I'd keep it just the same
 of infection
She can't say no
Mmm, you got to, got to bleed, baby
I'm goin' coconuts but least I'm goin' my way,
To believe in a miracle
I heard somebody cheer
Come-a, come-a, come-a, come on baby
What are ya waitin' for? Oh! Yeah!
Get up!
I've seen the damage done
But there's exceptions to the rule
Entered her plea
Ow! Uh!
But that was make-believe
Some say money is bad for the soul
A-from the day my mama told me "Boy, you pack your bags."
And "X" did mark the spot
Hey! With more time to kill
Got creamer on the table first thing in the morning
I may burn my fingers, want my iron in that fire
Now show biz is so thrilling
Give me one to go
He got a hat full of sugar; folks said, "You a lucky man."
It's so hard to tell
It said, "The only thing you know for certain
But can you walk the walk?
Give it to me now
Uh, I like it
Delusions of eloquence
 from above
Campaign promises falling short
Now ya don't
Oh, baby
It's all from havin' someone knowin'
mirror
 on over
A little thick in the bottom
French-fryin'
Pretty woman, stop awhile
It's only one for me
Mmm babe I know you're in love Women in love
Starting up all in my feet
in the middle of Tobacco Road.
And it puts me through the roof, and yeah!
A-from the day my mama told me "Boy, you 
Count to three and I'll be ready
The song
And she knows what love is for Ahh-ahh
Now I'm believing half the reason
Once seen, can't ever lose sight
Baby need love
Stop lying baby
Rock on. Rock on. Rock on
I really dig those styles they wear
Got an open mind, do anything
As fine as you are
All dressed up and
God is love
I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble. Oh, yeah!
Nobody gets hurt!"
Hey, let's blow it out here now man, alright?
If he don't land on his seat
Turn your cheek a little ohhh,
Mercedes benz
Before you send me away
It makes you cry
Ah yeah
Now I'm ahead of the game
. Ow! Bottoms up! Ow!
She got. She got. Ah
It's just a joke and you're the punchline
No talk, no action. I got no distractions
Ta-too!
I think ya better get it all ready girl
I'm on fire Ow!
And it ain't goin' away without a fight
Come on baby
You look at every face in a crowd
Lyrics for "Let It All Hang Out" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
So I, I told the fellas out behind the bar
street
At a flick of the switch...
That's a 
Happy trails to you
I don't wanna hear about it later Take it then baby
Someone's leavin'
Hey baby, woo! 
I heard the wind a-whisp'rin'
personality
She's good enough ta
Mama please
Mash whiskey in another paper cup
Come on, take me back
Just about time yeah!
(Time to tell the truth)
Well I can rock with anyone
Come on!
One more 
Shake it slowly,
Give to live
Could this be magic? Or could this be love?
Whisper in my ear, 
Right from the apple
I'm sure he thinks that's cool
Love is only to 
Till you come back to me.
I am guilty, I do use it
Ow! Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-woo!
I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you, oh no
And I don't wanna hear what love can do
Well I, I always heard it said
for your inner ear
All you ever wanted was to tap dance, run away
Talk about the high cost of lovin'
How about you?
Put out an APB on the Hammerhead Shark!"
Once, once felt, once felt
My quiet contemplation
Little by little gonna get it I swear
Down in Cabo
Didn't that 
We burnt the city down here
Its so easy to relax if you try
I's the feeling we're under
'cause any moon or mouse says he's a friend of hers
Fools, I live with fools
Have you ever really touched love once?
So if you gonna wear my t-shirt
Three dollars, first minute gosh, man! After that, cost ya four
To tie him up and make him Tell the Truth
You wanna feel 100 
Come on get up make it work Make it work
Facebook page
This is home Turns you from hunted into hunter Yeah
I'm goin' crazy,
No I ain't bitchin' 'bout the things you been puttin' down
 of the storm. Whoa, yes
Summer's here, and the time is right
My engine searching
I can't stop going out and having fun
Are the ones i missed
Come um-um-um-um-on baby, bottoms up
Don't ya trust me?
Get up, get up, get up, get up So nice
Oo, I wanna let you know.
You can always have trust in me
Well, here's the shot heard 'round the world.
Shuttin' down, I gotta stop this thing
If you decide to take the long walk
I'd wait for her parade
'Cause stayin' 'round here takes patience
Ooh, slip n' 
The backside
Ooh I need your lovin', I'm just skin an' bone
Check it out, without a doubt
'Cause at the end of the day you could just walk away,
All you bad bad bad...
I wandered out west
Ah! Uh! Uh!
Lift me up
Lemme show you
Man, what kinda crap is this?
Oh by the way, what's your sign?
Sometimes it rains right on your...
Honey baby my heart's aflame
Oh baby!
Pistons
Oh, come on, take me back
All the time!!
I made up my mind
Right now Come on, it's everything
N' all I nee-nee-need is 
And maybe there's a way
I can barely see the road from the heat comin' off
how to find
Ah-ow!
Teacher needs to see me after school
Grab me some a-that big fat money
Or you can take your time
which way
And I know not what it's like
I see ya shake and shimmy
Hey, baby. Woo!
Want! Want! Yeah! Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah!
One night he just disappeared
You got all the right moves
Now ya gotta run to get even
And I can't deny it,
She's a real state of independents.
 can this go on
Hurts my head
Have you ever really studied dancing
Bad for damn near everything, oh yeah!
Some shine and some keep you guessin'
Which the traveler can't expect
So dig on my refrigeration
and they were two of a kind.
The pages come alive
Is it right, to take the easy way?
 repeats her hour
And I'll give you the stars
I will tonight
Such good photography
Woooo-ooooo
Panama, Panama
I'm the livin' proof
I've heard a story
A hot dog nad a shake
Right on time, you will arrive
This jungleness badboy sufferer
Since we were 
winners
Hurry, hurry, baby,
And I know it too
Overloaded, down the drain
Of fascinating fun
Silly rabbit, you know just what it takes
Panama
Somethin' starts a barkin'
You say you don't know, you won't know until you begin
Rich was better, totally better
Let's slip away
Got politicians smokin' crack
Take me down Take me down
Yeah, in my 
the dumpster when you're through,
Mama look out for down below
Ah come on! Take a chance
And though I wasn't true to ya, baby don't get me wrong
And that's all right (all right)
With absolute uncertainty
When you reach out to touch somebody, baby
Gotcha comin' in for the same amount, goin' out!
No more! No more! Ahhh!
Seeing as how
Hello - Goodbye
Well now, none of this was planned
, I'm there. Yeah
Needed a girl to call my one and only
Might as well jump
 on a cool summer night
Go ahead and jump
And point where I used to go to school
Yeah ya know that you're headed for a lotta trouble
Destination is on the floor, give it up just a little bit more
Gotta keep things moving
Everyday I 
Well, then, how 'bout the doubt
And do you really, really drive this way
I said, "It ain't gonna change without a fight, no"
Baby 'cause It's Showtime!
Ohh, now! Black is white and white is black, ah!
Don't let this get around to the outside. Please, please, please
Livin' with the aftershock
Now everybody's suffered
And the radar locks on you
I'd rather leave that to your so-called intellectual
Really want that soul, little loving soul all the time
Take it off! Take it all off!
Just a little lovin' is all I need from you
Quit complainin', where's my agent?
Who knows
Spine snap crackie and pops, pal
New rayban shades but I'm a heartache on parade now
Show! Show your love babe
And I ain't gonna copy you.
Same ol' pickup lines Same ol' pickup lines
With a Philly's blunt
Yeah, yeah yeah
I think it's perfect timing
If I cannot see you from afar
Feelin' like somethin's gonna blow
Let's give it all we got
Whoa, yeah!
She's the woman
Ahh She get crazy if she can't go
That's right
You said you loved me only
He'd be far too old!
Ooh yeah, you think you're really cookin' baby
Woo! Hot damn, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
 of my car
Over the edge and here I stay
Hurt me
Ah, that's why I said
Get it ready
'cause you know it's coming at you
(You're Breathin' Him...)
It's 2 a.m. the traffic's slow
She comes like the secret wind
And felt the settin' sun on my kingdom come
Rinse cup, and spit again
Homegrown, way down-home. Yeah!
Well, you ain't been livin'
There is just enough Christ in me
So many things can get you high
Baby please, I can't take it anymore
Shuffling down
Big, big, big, big time!
Oooh Come on, crash on the beach
Yeah, I'm rolling slowly
Through my eyes
Don't piss me off, don't cool me down
the test
 down, hit the road
 of the hill
She'll 
Lost the rest at land's edge"
Somebody get me a doctor Ooh!
Don't worry bout the future
But who returns once again to squeeze you
That's the trouble with war
I'm bleedin'
Broke a heart for someone like you
Sittin' around just gettin' high
Baby, how 'bout you?
Oh-oh! Mmm-hmm!
Drive my 
And if I had one wish I, uh, I'd take it
When she asked me to dance
When I see you, all your little guitars sing to me
I pay for the rest of your life
Wow, We outta space
`Cause this little tunes six fuckin' hours long
You put a spell on meeeee!
And I'm cold
I'm on easy, easy 
Aw, play it boys
And she be up for negotiations, mmm hmmm
I do not refuse it
Feelin' better 
Tongue tied in a tangled web
Somebody give me a shot!
just in front of the wheels
Oh, why?
In this old town
Best part of a man, woo
Love of the craft
They gonna ask ya
They said he sang so good that the roof fell in
Yes I am
Time was on our side, we had everything to gain
I'm on fire Ah!
Hey you, wake up, get yourself together
Watching the girls
I've had a million fantasies
Try it once but easy does it!
Squeeze some honey on my biscuit honey to my melon
An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh! Uh!
Blue, Wow! it makes me blue
 on Hawaii island
Sing on Brother, play on drummer
You know I'm in a hurry
Well, that's a constant unemployment line
Tattoo, tattoo
An' he's unemployed. His folks are overjoyed
Round and round Yeow!
I'm in love with the Yankee Rose.
Woman you suffer from a color
We was makin' something of it
Changed, ain't nothin' stays the same
Stay and add it up or throw yourself out a window. Oh!
You look like 17 child goin' on 29"
Served hot right from the rhythm kitchen.
Oh, come this way, babe
I wouldn't know what to choose
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
"Jerry ain't the lovin' that you're makin' buddy
I told him
You Never Know
Want some advice
I'll keep the motor runnin'
You got my engines hummin'
I stand corrected baby
Playin' hide in your hole
suggestions
choices
Your Kodak moment's comin'
 honey
I'll make 
Right up your driveway
And now I'm really runnin'
I'm on cruise control
You make the 
I'm hearin' voices honey
There go them hula girls again...(ahhh)
You Never Know
Well, Hey, You Never Know
You never, I said you never, never
And if they're sayin' that we're crazy
I should know
Can't seem to sew
Lord, I've tried
A single hole in my pocket
Yeah, money talks
And I know that money can't buy love
Mine always says, Goodbye"""
When nothin's simple, then nothin's learned
Ooh, all mine
On the nose
oo, from the heat.
Bad for the heart, bad for the brain
You've got me captured
And no matter Ooo-ooo-ooo what you say or do
Well here's a little trick that'll never fail ya
Lights, camera, action!
Start walkin'
So I got her on the rocks
Famous people on there with him
You know that it is
Oooh Make love in the sea oooh
looking for trouble,
I'm only gonna tell you one time-ya!
Now that's a switch
You really got me Oh!
What you doing tonight?
Give you everything you need
I'll prob'bly be here when that sun goes down.
Heat wave blast, kids are screamin'
Trampstamp cat
I'm not up here often
I'm in your heads! Ah-ha!
Can't do without 'em, no!
I got me a chance
You can try me at home, if it feels all right
You can have it now but ya gotta pay for it later. Oh!
bikini
I, I, I, ain't got nobody
A smokin' mountain got to blow
All right boys!
Never say die
Angel Faces
Lord, I can't repeat
For the time of your life
Put one and one together and it blowed my mind
Don't you know she's coming home with me
dragon
Get up and make it work Make it work
Oh! Oh yeah!
Second flash, you're out of sight yeah, so get up!
Nice white teeth; Betty Boop
 dancing on the pier last night?
You red hot Florida trailer trash
Got nobody, no, nobody, nobody
Lemme get on some o' that
Look at all that money, baby
Ah, now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool
 it ain't hip enough now
Hey-hey-yeah!
I so love my baby's poundcake
Oooh We don't have to chase it
And I say rock on. Uh! Rock on
Ah ah ah!
'Cause It's Showtime!
Stronger than Sampson I declare
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground, woo!
Up in New York City Dancing in the streets
An empty heart takes so little to fill it's so much
Hit it!
Another world, some other time
Fire...
Wa-ahahahah
Now wait a minute
Hey, it ain't gonna change overnight, no
Whoa, oh, ohh. That's right. Yeah yeah-yeah. Woo!
Hold your head up high, look 'em in the eye
How do I know when it's love?
To go into a curve
And that's all night
And a couple fly
I need a classy woman
Yeah, yeah the one I want want
Ain't talkin' bout love
I can't tell you but it lasts forever
Well, she can take me for a little ride
Daddy's home
But there's only one way
I'll bear the cross, on, Judgement Day, hey
Next war
And when it all was over
Oh, that's what dreams are made of
Chase each other round the room some, girl
A woman went to court
Don't give up,
To love somebody naturally
And it ain't gonna change overnight, no
N' I see lonely ships upon the water
I want to do that with you, babe
It's only a one night stand
Tell me you believe
Yes, he feels a strange sensation
Feelin' lost Oooh
Girl, you're sensational and this gets better yet. Ah yeah
Somethin' you feel but can't explain, oh!
Is recognize the same mistake
Yesteryear I may be gone
Time to hit the road
Trouble by the dozen
Don't tell me bout your mother
Send me a dream or two
Big, bigger, biggest
Salt shaker, little lick a lime, ahh
, was how hard we tried
Yeah yeah! Oh yeah! Whoa!
She was a dime a dozen
I know you're laughin' 'cause it's easy to tell
Big train honey are with me
Ow, ow, ow, she get crazy
Where ya been
It shouldn't cause a problem
 at this!
Have no place to go
Ah-ha, yeah! Ah-ha, yeah! Ah-hah, yeah!
Cuz I can feel the thunder
Hold on a second baby
Blue-eyed murder in a size five dress
Remember
Hey! Give it to me
You and your blues
I'm talkin' forty degrees...
Gross, not net to me
Nothin' but the truth
Ow! Don't ya trust me?
A hot 
Well, baby, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm an easy man.
Here today gone later today
With the sex-pin pulled
I'm a bad little 
She was atomic without a doubt
Yeah, come on up, roll an Amsterdam Yeah yeah yeah
I can't wait to feel your love, love, love, love tonight. Ah whaa!
And was singin' it
Mama's little 
Dante's inferno meets the 
Baby come on
Your ticket out of poverty
Got a new tattoo that says:
Yeah I'm believing that you needin' yo relaxation
I'll send the message in a bottle I'll send the message
That ain't down your alley, no
Sad and lonely, sad and lonely
Can't control your friends
Texas pavement
He just a sucker, he just a sucker
Ain't no 
Now, who's that babe with the fabulous shadow-ah?
Weren't so simple, no
I been thinkin' 'bout this Saturday night with you
Gotta car that's cool
I was bein' all I could be
the menu
You've got to give... to live
I'm in love with you
I sleep the sleep of the just after
Counter blast, Interstellar facial full
So why do ya sit and stay at home and
I've got it bad,
Doin' time behind these bedroom walls
At the local mini-mall
Of your breath
Don't call us, we'll call you
 citizen, zero discipline
My other apartment
Come on down, Huh! Ow! down This is to Mean Street
Is that you?
You really got me Ah-ha!
Now more than ever, you realize
Because life ain't boring
Baby, somehow you seem to glow
At the corner cafe
Seems like everything I like
Pay for every 
Just stay while the night is young
To love somebody faithfully
Unchained, and ya hit the ground running
Rock on, wow! I said...
I'm gonna fax you
A dirty water dog
On her daddy's boat and shot across the lake Yeah!
Uh, momma fill my cup up
To Tell the Truth, baby
I find your manners more important
firecrackin' on the fourth of July.
Around pick up my guitar and play just like yesterday then I'll get on my knees
But just watch that lady go
the world
Can't let that little stuff trip you up
Uh! They'll run run run you round and round
Just like any bowl of cherries
Oh Hell yeah yeah!
La-la-la-la-la
You never get what you came for
Put your high beams on
Ooh I need your lovin', I know
Only adventures that i regret
Have you ever really touched love
Ah. Ah-oh-ah. Yeah
Honey baby sweetie girl
Making it last
Oh, so full of life, so free and easy
How I'm hurtin', how I'm empty
calculated
Ah, precious sweetheart
Otherwise or professionally
Sensible shoes, cuz you're the only lover who was ever true
I suffered cause of you
Girls just love to hear
Not me!!!
I wrote a letter
Got too many things on my mind
And it was now or never
We'll go the distance
Tell me what is it we're pretendin'?
Bikinis and fast cars
We love the smell of it
Standin' there....
Pizzaman, just wanna slice
When you don't know what that means
Sure I'm on the road to ruin
Got the hand put to 
I don't think so!
'Cause I made up my mind
Uh! I said I like it
 when I was your age
Woo! Hot damn, uh, burn an Amsterdam, yeah Yeah yeah yeah
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Big train or is the rain doin sixty
Believe it. Can you believe it?
I wanna run for my money, that's all
Cherry bomb
2 a.m. and the traffic's slow
'Cause of you and your blues
So tell me why can't this be love?
But the gravy train was late as usual
Workin' so hard to make it easy
And an uzi in the cooler
Take one
 and pain inside your heart
Takin' chances. We're the crash n' burn
Wonderin' if I've done it wrong
And homegrown and down-home, that makes one
Once. Whoa-oh really, really touched?
Talk about...
It's about time
I ain't beatin', but I'm bein' eaten by money. Oh yeah
This is the crime of the century
They don't 
But she was cool
And that's just what I did.
I can shoot a gun in 
Just lie back
Lived a cat named Big Bad Bill
It makes you piss
I've been out there
And off they drove,
If I cannot touch you from afar
'Til your love comes down
She got nasty
You're never satisfied
Some call it luck, it's all the same
Must be the place
I d-d-don't wanna talk
Come-comin' back, back for more
Ain't that some shit?
When you're surfin' 40 footers
Weren't they amazed when you were really last?
Down to Cabo. Uh!
When the 
So hot! So hot! So hot!
Ah, my teachers all gave up on me
You know the cross-town bus just rolled
I'll take the fattest chance
Speak in day-glow red
is 'Hey, you never know'"
Ow! He's the king!
Sensible shoes, cuz you're the only lover that was ever true
I never sent it
We was broke and hungry on a summer day
Like the sun on my skin
Yes, he feels a strange 
Pistons poppin', ain't no stoppin' now
Baby how 'bout you? Yeah!
Best part of a man. Ah
There's a sleepy town lies South of the border
Take the stripper who lives next door
the volume
Only gonna ruin just a little bit
It's her better side
I look into your eyes and dream
For your invitation
So many things have come and torn your world apart
Oh do it, take me there
It was heaven Right here on earth
I'm a face grenade
But "Y"'s a crooked letter
Scream, go on an' scream
What's it all about?
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now Doin' the dishes
Come on, baby
will tell
Hands out to your big ass,
Ahh yeah! Baby, got ta have your love
But not for long Oooh
Tell ya what it is
Holding the intangible
Well I'm running wild
At least everything I want!
Isn't she the moon queen
Getting serious, got to see the walls
I was 
It's about time!
Uh-uuh
But one night ain't enough for me
A creature from the sea with the looks to me
Movin' up and down Up 'n down
It's what makes the world turn
Time for these bootheels to be wanderin'
Three sixty-five!
No calls! No calls
And I make contact with you
We had a love so hard to find
So baby, make up your mind Women in love
That kid was aces
All I need is a beautiful girl
In our restless hearts
Wash my eyes so I can see
Suzy, Suzy, girl, for cryin' out loud
Hey, and it's mine all mine all mine
Yeah, she opened up my eyes Seein' what I wanna see
People know the butt it's playing
Because the day might never come
Are you ready for the new sensation?
But uh, better use it up before it gets old, no
Gotta fever that's burnin', you just can't slow me down
Didn't know it, babe
Time is running out
hey hey hey hey hey
Oh yeah Yeah, you really got me now
That your the girl I want to be mine
With the right lighting you'll go far
It's still the only song I know
Show me your sweet nature
With long legs
Gives the name Tobacco Road.
 at every face in a crowd
Oh oh oh oh Nothin's missin', yeah!
Buddy, you don't got to hurry, take your time
I cant wait, I can't wait
but the shakes over you
This beats workin' baby
 the blues
Cause it's about time we lay it out on the line
And beat it out of town
Now I'm a-seaside sittin'
Girl, you really got me now
Taking me miles and miles from nowhere
Ow! Ow! Ow!
In this town that's called progress
Sayin' "I can't wait to feel your love tonight." Wooh!
Yeah! She's gotta have soul
That's why I'm up for breakfast so early in the morning
Lost in a world. Can't find my way home
Bring it or don't ring it
Is held for further questioning
But that don't mean goodnight
Read 'em and weep
Want to leave right away
No, no. That's how it is, when you tell the truth
Oh, I like it
 when that girl was prom queen? Oh, wow
When it's love
And the tourist don't know where he is
I been to the edge
I'm all conditioned, thoroughbred
I wanna hold you and say
Hot coffee first thing in the morning
They're holdin' all the cards
If you want love if you want faith,
Shine on, shine on
It's too far to drive back, baby
(spoken)
 roads must a man walk down
I'm fundamentally for the individual
Now you know this ain't no through street, the end is dead ahead
Ain't no use waitin'
Whoa! Girl Girl gone bad
One soul, one mind
And it's club 
Baby, I could let it 
In a world without end.
Oooh-oooh Little dreamer
Junk food
I got lucky boots
So what do you say we go lookin'?
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, bottoms up!
Ooo-ooo-ooo Baby, got a feelin'
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
"when I die, send the body to heaven,
The traveler don't know where he's goin'
Small world till they lose your luggage, tho'
But luckily that ain't how she sees it
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
It's gettin' late Don't know just where I've been
And I'm comin' to you from All points in between
It's gettin' late I don't know `Bout 3 a.m.
A little lovin'
A little lovin' On my mind
She's my machine
Feels like something's getting right
Damn straight She's wild In overdrive
And I love to feel her Each and every night
She gets along Let alone She's premium
And I'm coming to from all points in between
`Bout 3 a.m.
It's gettin' late I don't know
She's red She's wild In overdrive
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
 out Kick it
Machine
She's my machine
Machine...
 Machine
From L.A. to New York, London, and Moscow
The monkey be God and make you beg on your knees
The monkey is screamin'
He's spreading his 
You'll be jonsin for somethin' to make you well...
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Hear the sub or human kind
You got yours and I got mine
He's hungry for 
He make you so numb and cold to the core
wealth
The hunger of love
The hunger of lust
He's hungry for power
You got yours and I got mine
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Make you crave the very thing you try to ignore
Everybody's Got the monkey
In his head or on his back
Hear the sub or human kind
Homos and Heteros
From problem brokers to TV viewers
Pyschos and users
Abusers and losers
What I say is a simple fact
Junkies and juicers
There's a monkey for every man
You got yours and I got mine
Everybody's Got the Monkey
Everybody's Got the monkey
In his head or on his back
What I say is a simple fact
Hear the sub or human kind
Mom and Dad
And I ain't afraid to use it now!
My train your station
When I blow this tomb with a view, yeah, all right
Well here come faster rats!
Third rail can't stand it
I got a steel-wheeled radial
That rat race licked
You'll be brownin' your Bermudas
It takes up all your time
Being leader of the 
Prophylactic for you...
Full speed across the nation
Just when you get
Santa Fe to the mid-Atlantic
or a passanger,
the top
 of the hill
double stack thunder
are you an engineer?
Big train
strapped to the front of a
You're on a Big train
you to 
just in front of the wheels
and you're runnin'
Whatever gets
That train be rollin' not me, I'm going before wine and
Sometimes it rains right on your...
and songs become a long locomotive for me
All you ever wanted was to tap dance, run away
I've known fast livin' and I know wine, women
Sometimes you win sometimes you lose
women turn into beer, the old lady and TV
Big train or is the rain doin sixty
Big train when ya' don't know what you're doin'
Big train time gets movin'
Big train Don't know what you're doin'
Big train gets movin'
Big train aw honey are with me
Big train maybe you're standing still
Big train honey are with me
Big train and you're wonderin' if you ever will
Big train or is the train doin sixty, baby
that station: and I'll be smilin' again
Always another train pulling into
Maybe you're standing still
Awe reap!
Can't help it that's the kind of guy I am
Who gone and made a life's work
An' I know folks
From the worst teacher goin'
That school's too slow
Experience
I learned half of what I know
And a decade later
Smart ones from the city
they still do it shitty
Then all my life's been fingerpainting
'Cause if it's art
That's experience for ya
The same guy that got on 20 years ago
Moves kinda slow
And as I feel it
You get off the bus
Had my best luck, though
Is it art or imitating?
With a big easel
Experience, I think I understand
, babe
You're comin' up now
And come to suspect the whole experience
project
That single moment on a bungee jump
Is it like doin' 90
I'd rather be an art 
Her top's down
You're down goin' down
Than just weasel out with wearin' one
An' wind's in your beer can
Till I finally made it
Yes, I'm sorry boy
It was kind of an experience
But I feel that way all the time
The one with the showroom shine
I think I felt that before
Well, I'm sorry girl
One shining moment lost in time
Life was kinda hit or miss
But after I made it
And I'd love to talk philosophy
I've got experience
All right
But I've gotta take a piss
Man, that philosophy runs right through ya
Life was Take a hit of this"""
I'm gonna blow by you
You got me so I don't know 
You wanna lover, you want a friend
Al, do you want a click on this one?
He wanted Wonder Woman
I thought it was the last
What love can do
I just want you baby
A vision of light, child of the night passing by
The more things you get, the more you want
My heart, you're breakin' my heart
Take me down, down, down, down, down, down
I'm thinkin'
Could be later than you think
the cat
Over, yeah
Uh! Ahh! Come on!
He went looking for trouble,
The tender touch is not enough
But i'm the right tool for the job
When I get the urge
Oh, no! See what they're seein'
Whoa-oh-oh, can you tell me?
It comes from a jealous clock
Ow, you've got Allah in the east
Must end with a kiss
 my wings
So very autobiographic!
Hey! Only fools rush in an' only
And then Bill got himself a wife, now he leads a different life
Cowboys and injuns
Never one for all with you
And I suffered 'cause of you
I know, somehow I know.
Take the highs Oooh
Yes, it's true
She got a doorbell sign...
The sickness in his eyes reflects
Don't tell me, "Give it up", too busy getting down,
I'm overloaded baby, I say "Bye-bye!"
`Bout 3 a.m.
Pictures
Your's very truly,
If you take your whiskey home
I mean, you're doin' all you can to make me sad n' blue, yeah yeah
If I fall shy at all
Space station, starvation, 
An' too much heat
It's gonna kill you
Owwww!
Well I gave her seven children
Now check me out on the good side here
Jump back with your heart attack
On a count of three
We'll need 10 percent,
been in the sun too long.
Yeah, and this one is outs
Man, I thought I'd hit the wall, ah!
Now get it straight
The ancient rabbi appeared to me,
Who are you and where are we?
Chance meeting in the roaring eighties.
Whoa-ooh-oh oh, can you tell me?
That river belongs to me.
A fortune coo-coo-coo-kie
held, held by the same hand!
It's a way out
Left me here to die alone
She treat me like a personal Jesus
'Cause I need you, need you tonight. Ah!
This suburban garage-a-trois
When love comes around
Mean nine lives doin' anything at all
You make me eat my heart out
I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight
I walk around with the blues
Nobody, nobody cares for me
I don't wanna find religion
...gonna heal you
Ooo-ooo-ooo I can't stop lovin' you
Oooh, yeah
Well it ain't much all right I know
Fire in 
You get it goin' and you don't never stop.
I can take the fall, there's a choice
And I see that honey I have lost my way
A hold on me
. Will lay you down underground
Heads or tails of the same bread
And it's play it like they paid ya
Ohh-ahh!
Forgotten empires
Nobody cares for me, nobody, nobody
and that's off the top
All you bad, bad boys. Yeah, it's a spank line
Yes I am!
Well, I went down yonder in Louisville
No, it doesn't get much better
And every journey's got destinations
Just lie back and unwind
This dream is over Ahh-ahh
Rotate slowly,
It's comin' out for sure
Harvest moon, soon will pass
Waiting for someone to come into focus
 and you miss me
I know what you need
Will it never be the same?
Bad habits
I, I, I, I don't feel so good. I'm serious man. I don't, I don't feel too good
and do that bump and grind.
Show, come on and show your love
I woke up to yet another day
The best to you each morning
many times I thought of quitting, babe,
Steak and potatoes, a feather in a bucket
That your love is all you're knowin'
It's never gonna stop
Uh-ah uh-ho ho
If I wasn't in the band
We're back! Hey!
She got a doorbell sign that said
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Show me, show me your
Ah-hah! Woo-hoo! Ow! Come on!
Come, get me, baby,
multiple choice
Dedicate one to the ladies...
No Evil Woman got a hold on me
Rockin' steady in her daddy's car
I tell you sugar by midnight I'll be fine. Flyin' high
And then
And the cradle will rock. Ow!
(Guitar Solo)
To what it takes
Lost in a world so far from home
 done.
Let it be, it ain't me.
Girl, we've been meant for this
And if you let cool you one time, you'll be my regular stop
Well it just ain't right
Round and round Oh, round and round
Woo! We'll hit the town, we'll have a hell of a time
There'll be music everywhere sweet music everywhere
I got a steel-wheeled radial
You need some sensible shoes
If you call back for more, oh oh oh ah!
'Cause sometimes it's not enough. Ow!
 I knew it all along
There'll be tomorrow night, but wait...What do I see?
Well, hey boom town
Ow! Wow! Woo!
and you know they play a crazy gig!
Lots of pretty girls comin' by the dozen, woo!
Blind to himself, he's laughing up his scheme
You know that you want it Baby
This can be everything we dreamed
Breakdown
To the barbeque on a hellbound train...
Like the ancient immortal said.
Are ya, are ya, are ya ready boots?
Imagine the mystery
I wanna live it up, wanna quit my job,
Well I'm in a mess
Tough guy pimps
Yeah we're goin' places
 Machine
No Eskimo to share with me his fate
One summer break Same summer that I kissed her
Just wanna 
But I got somethin' you need. Oh, yeah!
There's exceptions to the rule
I'll pretend I'm GI Joe, yeah
Well call me 40 Below
Didn't that change with a wink o' your eye
Waits for the opening
Wanna know...
Pretty woman. Don't walk away-yay. Okay.
She looks so fucking good, so sexy and so frail
Now more
 at all these little kids
When the night is through, Ow!
She take me down, down, down to the bottom
Blind man goes
It's a good impersonation
stream
But I ain't home, at night! Ha-ha-ha!
And don't like me makin' future plans
When I jumped out, on that road
I'm incomplete, huh!
This dream is over, oh Ooo-ooo-ooo
 out Kick it
Woke up in life, found I almost missed it
Ow, yeah
I know what you're dreamin'
 doll sez qho
I get a nut nut nuthin
 again
Hey! Better get it while you got it
I'm seein'
No no, nothin's gonna stop it
Don't want no class 
Looked 'im in the eye
98 percent not there
Oh no, but I think you'll find
Nothin' feels the same
Uh uh uhuh yeah
Safe from harm
an' gold brass zippo
One step ahead, one step behind it
Reach back, 
There's only one way to rock
Went to hear this cool cat blow
Come back when you're younger
Sit yourself on down
No, let the magic do the work for you
Where the good Lord split you
Can't comprehend the meaning of the metaphysical
By the time your 
Piano Solo
Contact is all that it takes
I just can't take it
Oh, no, no, ah!
I've been to Rome, Dallas, Texas
At the local Taco Truck
But when I heard, I took it easy
I reach across to the other side
It said "Gimme Gimme a call sometime"
I didn't do nothing
You'd be sittin' pretty but you try to take the fifth
It's not who you squeeze
And all I got from history
oh I'm a pushover...
Come on, 'n gimme somethin'
Learn these words instead."
Float like a buttuerfly
but my heart wouldn't buy it.
(Repeat chorus).
I'm chasin' love down a fine, fine line. Ow!
Is there anything left in that bottle?
Oh yah!
Show! Show
Well, back in the past when I was, treated so coldly
Until we meet again
In shining pick-up truck
Yeah yeah yeah Ooo-hoo
You're a nervous wreck
Traffic is giving you trouble
Got ta, got ta, got to
But yo cup was runnin' over
Oh yeah! Oh yeah!
Baby, it's the meanest blues around-uh
I don't know, I get down on my knees and pray
in the dumpster when you're thru,
Yes I am! Yeah!
Out where the west begins
Because we're hittin0 the road
Paint it red on black
Damn good times
All these secret things I've learned
You can make it
And chow down, and down and down and down!
Ain't got your head right
 and you get it tonight
I barely survived
I know, baby, I say, I didn't wanna half drag you
Uh feel my heartbeat
I got kinda sense of 
Holyman, take me to the promised land
Yeah, that's it...a little more to the right
A little low on cash
All flavors and pushups too
I see the power changin' hands
Feel the power
That's just what's expected
A slice at a time, like a pizza pie
It's my life. Get off my ass, get outta my face
Take it easy baby, Take it easy
So we're hittin' the road
You got me so I don't know where I'm goin' yeah
These are tears of fury
Hey mean old gal
I wish they all could be California girls
An' I'm cold
But I, I ain't never gonna 
, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm easy, I'm an easy man.
Make future plans I'll dream about yesterday, hey!
I ain't the worst that you've seen
Jimmy on the radio and even on the 
Sensible shoes, ones that will lead me back to you
And all I 
Ah, take it!
Go Home, The Earth Is Full
I don't know what I've been livin' on, but
I'm tellin you
Claiming victory, oh but that's not me
 your joys
Gonna go for broke tonight
She looks like Monroe
Your page or mine
And she said, "There'll be times. There will be times."
Never solved a thing, I differ
But I'm on a self improvement kick these days
Say one for me
Well I tried to be good
Man, I thought I'd seen it all, oh
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Got a steel toe
Need no 
Let Cupid sort 'em out
Empty pockets never stopped
Millions of miles. Oh, no
What you need is on 
In a word to the wisdom tooth
Sometimes a certain tom's gotta peep
Ohhhh yeah
Won't you tell me
The rain has disappeared
Why is the crazy stuff we never said poetry in ink
I barely made it through
Pretty woman, give your smile to me
Telephone, telefax, telefuckin' teletrash
At the corner my dog won't let you pass
I don't know. I might be able to make it through. What the hay?
Always make her laugh, ha! ha!
tell the boss to go to hell.
Still we try Oooh
Like a monsoon
Mmm, fore sure. Ahhh
I was wonderin' if I could get directions to your place?
how to get
Tonight we'll find a dune that's ours
But I knew I never could
It happened just like that, yeah!
This blind date is cash and carry,
Uh! A-just enough to keep me hangin' on
red line
You wanna sucker
Lose the dress, keep the shoes
Well, Mousy Joe got 
Yeah, what used to be
Fire in the hole
Don't ask me why I'm crossing over
 in a trunk.
, no love you'd call real
Oh, no! They won't believe it when they
By your naked eye
Big train aw honey are with me
 of me
And your 
I'm only wastin' time I think I better go
One, two, one, two, three, four
Are you ever so silent, when she wanted to talk?
Lipstick tricks and diesel dykes
You're bad mood's permanent
Yeah, but I couldn't wait to get back in the states
Yes I'm all fired up
And while she watches
Hey what the hell it runs, SO!
Spread my butter on my biscuit honey to my melon
Oh All I wanna give you babe ooh
I need some sympathy!
Like a train runnin' off the track
Oooh Yeah, it's all right there
Cherries on bananas gonna need a second helping
Oooh ooh ooh Uh. The harder the better, we'll do it til we're
Honey!
Better make up your mind
T-T-teacher stop that screamin'
Sit down right here
The underground. Whoa, yes
I don't know. I, I thought it was really gonna be different this time.
Just tune in to what this place has got to offer
She's down-home and down-home. Oh, that's my woman
Stands
Better keep that in mind! Keep it in mind
Or, not fade away
Have you ever been touched?
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Huh!
Ohhhh!
She gone with the wind
Contact man 'tween you and danger
Uh oh!
Or how to find this place
First you say that you will
Well, the kid is into losin' sleep
Well, here come one more drop in the bucket!
 dixie cups
I don't wanna hear that talk
Got nobody, waitin' at home
You find your real bottom line is when your
Runnin' with the devil
Gotta get up
I got news for you!!!
 ever say it right, no-oow-oh
still provin' any night that her flag is still there.
Tattoo
Now you're saved, by a higher voice
Someday, we'll be standin' on top of the world
You ready? Yeah
instant
Drive my search engine home
Ah, she's beautiful, alright,
Oh yeah, get up
Knock, knock
Uh! Caught a plane outta Moscow
Look around. Whoa, yeah!
Peace was the solution
Just you 
And my card say no one's home
Use my hand, I won't look
Hey, I heard you missed us
Heard a vicious rumor from your mama's tongue
Never losin' sight, ah
 Ooo-ooh
Once you taste the real kind
daughter
this place called Tobacco Road.
Now I know I was paying attention
Fast forward
Don't you know that
, your husband's comin' home
Put the pedal to the metal
 slide on by ooh-ooh
Yeah, she's right on time, I'm on the case.
And the cradle, the cradle will rock
Oh oh oh oh When nothin's missing, ow!
Oh All I want to give you woman ooh
Keep smilin' until then
Who's got the time?
I'm hoping you feel the same
We forget where we come from sometimes
One more piece of the 
Well I'm off the rails
To follow that road (yes I will)
Folks cried, someone had died.
Love that woman heart and soul
Won't someone tell me what it is they all want?
Sex Life, Wild Life
Stormy weather Oooh ooh ooh Oh yeah Oooh ooh ooh
Who'd ya do
Ow! Come on baby, good
What love could make me do
Alright! Uh!
Contact. Asleep or awake
Yeeaahh
Christ, what's a man to do?
The loss that you feel, I know that it's real.
When she walks, watch, the sparks will fly,
Hey baby, uh-it's the only way out
They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy
Down that easy street
He said, "Your arms too short to box with God.
Is it like doin' a hundred
It's a fact, and you know that it's true
Don't ya know she's coming home with me
Yo mama! Hey!
Homegrown and down-home, yeah that's the one
Oh, yeah. Ah-ah!
Come on baby finish what ya started
No static
A flag unfurled, at half mast
Now if 6 turned out to be 9,
She's on fire, 'cause dancin' gets her higher than-uh
Another ladie's nite in Buffalo
Due to budget constraints
And you 
I heard the winds a-whisp'rin'
Got that rhythm of the road, ah
Take me back
I always loved you tender
I feel like a running politician
Ahhh-ahh I know how it's gonna be
Not this stuff baby
They're out to knock you out n' put you down for the count
Now, I don't know what you may have heard
Oh, whoa, whoa, Jamie's cryin'
Dolls by a palm tree in the sand
Summer of love?
Say you missed me...
Outta your closet Ha-ha-ha!
Now pay attention, 
 beat?
Next episode begins and begins and begins and begins
An emancipation, a false proclamation?
Unchained, and ya hit the ground runnin'
A great night for all concerned
Ooh yeah, wow!
 of an education
 at me, say "Outta luck." Oo-ooh, yeah!
I went out I bought some brand new shoes
No big thing
When it came to vice and versa
Woman get crazy if she can't go
Oh, He got a big ol' belly
Who's always warm, like in the mornin'
Oh, I'm so twisted and tied
That's what's come down on the inside
Ah-huh!
Wow-oo-ow-oo-ow! Yeah
S-s-s-sucker
You're down goin' down
On Judgement Day. Ow!
It's a major violation, carried away for sure, yeah. I know!
But then my homework was never quite like this!
Searchin' everywhere, you turn and swear
In my little black book
Oh, deja vu
Top Jimmy, Woo! Shake it baby!
But they remember the face,
Oooh-oooh You are the little dreamer
Hot for teacher
Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does
Ah-ah. Summer nights In the heat of the summer
Run, run, runaround, yeah Round round round round
All right, let's go to the back!
Everybody let's stay focused
Uh! She want a sucker Sucker
They never had no money and they always told 
And I put her on the tip of my tongue
Oh! Just tryin' to please you all the time
But it's all sex without love
'Cause I'm red hot
It's just about time!
We're searchin' for the latest thing, a break in this routine
Ah yeah! Woo! My kinda action
Some kind of alien
Gotta get right back
 that I've missed
She's a vision from coast to coast,
Sometimes a certain tom's he gotta peep
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh!
Thet he's got himself a job
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
My Karma just ran over your dogma
Build up, and stand in our way. Oh
Back and forth
An' a runny nose
What could they say about me
Outta touch most all the time
I got my back against the record machine
White trash lesbo psycho bikes
I can't wait, I can't wait
Well I ain't saying I'm different
 have packed it up
Goin' outta my way, know my way around
Forever gone my history
In emotiona starvation
I'm your ice cream man
Ahh! Runnin' with the 
It's ok, I'll do what I want if I choose
I'm up... and you're to blame
I can't take no more
Well that's bullshit
Do the walk, love to ball, just one look I believe that's all
No longer are we the minority
A self-made businessman
Hey, you 
How the hell you get in those tight blue jeans?
Well, I was workin' on approval
She got the beat and here's a little bit comin' your way.
it was in his eyes.
Right now baby I'm alone and I'm swallowing
He was a 
Dig it
We'll spend it later
U.S. Prime, Grade A stamped, guaranteed
Keeping it up pumping it up, pumping it up
Get it all right back
Drop at a time is all ya need
Now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool
Hey, sister, you're perfect host.
Only me, happens every time
Not over me
Not me baby
Something got the bite on me, I'm goin' straight to hell
Naturally wired
Justo for a moment
Of a dream
You've got to run to win an' I'll
Down on 14th street much quicker
You can fairly dance beneath her light
Top Jimmy and his Rhythm Pigs!
the news
Till my 
Grown to expect, expect more of the same
(Oh, my God)
1-800-Tell-Me-Baby!
You've actually got three points there. Ah-ha! Yep! Whaaeeee!
Lost control
Though our circumstances
Counter-blast
Whoa yeah!
Cause I'm filing charges on your soul
Well I never thought she'd walk
We see a man speakin' the word of God
I, I, I, I'm naturally wired!
Are you ready for some freestyle?
Now Jamie's been in love before Ahh-ahh
Stamps in my passport
And it's all wrapped up in a tight little bundle
I'm on the 
Big Bad Bill is Sweet 
Are a hard act to follow
When it rains we flood.
Lay your bodies down
Uh-uh. Uh-uh Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
Rock on. Oh, ow, ah, ah, ah
Tell Me
I took a mobile light, lookin' for a moonbeam. Ow!
Smile and grin at the change all around pick up my guitar and play just like
I'll try and I'll try, 'til I'm satisfied
Oh, and now he's gone forever
And like the good book says be quick or dead!
Eddie! Can't you read lips? Hey, hey, hey
Well I'm usually passin' by just about eleven o'clock
She's my machine
Always one more
Towards the end conflict off and on
Nobody ever told you that your
Whoa! Dealin', I'm dealin' with these things
Threw me a rope.
Whooo! Ow! Woo! Aw, yeah!
Lost, in this pleasure dome
Stay until it rolls away
I can hear dem po' boys tappin'...
Only time 
Humans Being That's what makes us We're just humans That's what makes us
Selective amnesia
There's a time and place for everything. For everyone
Nobody, nobody cares for me ,nobody, nobody
A lot like in the movies
Dancin', they're dancin' in the street
Won't some sweet mama come and take a chance with me
but what I need right now's the original goodtime girl.
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about
I likes that, yeah "Yeah," say I
You're Breathin' It
Crazy living
Don't wanna wait 'til tomorrow
This dream is over Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo
Non-stop talker, what a rocker
In her brand new red-hot pink humvee
And it's practice, practice, practice
See it, oh can you see it?
To a question no one asked
Shake it slowly
Everybody wants some, everybody wants big money. Oh yeah!
You wouldn't go
I'll get her
premature ejaculation
Don't want 'em to get your goat?
Back at the ranch
In n' out
If he had teeth like 
Ooh You can say what you like. It's all confidential. Whoa!
You in the future
He's got the look!
Longshot? That's bitchin'
Bring that dynamite and a crane,
Ba dum bum
Neighbors gettin' crazy 'bout the noise next door
I'll be lickin' round your knees
twelve
Mine all mine
You can spend my money
You're a totally emergency!
The more you do ti
All soup and no fish
I don't think so mama!
My mother lode! Hey!
 less is more, ha ha
Walk it!
Hot tub loosen up...baby's been soaking
And it's up the road
Yes, I
My words at best to you
 baby, and it left a scar
, I'm over you
Ooooooooo
There'll be laughin', singin', music swingin'
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Uh! Hey!
What I'm feelin', yeah
Ooh-ooo-ooh
I've heard it called by different names
the truth
Hey, take a look at this 
The one I want!
That's what I want
The poor folks 
Makes me king of the hill
 room uptown shack
Go Jimmy
Button up mama
Ooh, a la la la la la la yeah
You know some people are different, now ain't that a cryin' shame
Ooh, give it a try. I'm your last loose end
Only I know when it's time to quit
you to 
But when I roll you over baby, you don't care
And wanna be me...
okayHello? Hello?
If i get into a fix
I had to tell them baby you were armed with all you'd need
Real heavy
Down here at land's edge?
I respect your intellect
A big catastrophe, yeah yeah
Time to tell the truth now now
 when you follow through
They say, "Ya could've least faked it, boy. Faked it, boy"
I'll wait
But I ain't home, at night! Wow!
C'mon baby
Hey we ain't playin'
Don't bar the door, there's no one comin'
I'm so sad and lonely, sad and lonely
And baby while we at it
In a cool dry place
I got no 
You better watch your mouth
Chew your words, lest you choke
I can't wait to feel your love tonight
Spent one cold night in Berlin, yeah
Fate is my pimp
The love line is never straight and narrow
You know I, I found the simple life
One ear to the ground, he's listening to the dead
An' then one night in stunning victory
You say you're lonesome, just getting by
Cause I knew I'd see those girls again
Well, wish no more `cause
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Well let's talk about love on a hot summer night. Hey!
with the kids and the dog.
Once over, I'm over done
Ya think ya got the interest?
Yeah! But I like it
Wow! It's a simple fantasy
That's a constant unemployment line
Warring clans in lowered cars
Top Jimmy swings!
Money make this world go round
See, I been tried and convicted, it's winner take all
unforgiven
Oooh, baby
Yeah, and pray for sunny weather
I know.
Takin' 8 to the bar
and songs become a long locomotive for me
Woman throws up her hands
No it ain't, no it ain't baby!
Uh-oh!
Ooh, and there she stands in a silken gown
Won't recognize them anymore Ha ha
Ooh-oo-ooh There'll be swingin', swayin', records playin'
Women all over, cross the USA
I'm all feet up, watchin' TV
Get the show on the road
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Uh!
I barely made it home
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy
Have you ever looked down when the homeless walked by?
Ah I wanna love you, maybe set you free
That's what I want, big fat money
Standin' on top Hey darlin'. Woo!
"And I know a little joint upstairs in the back
And without a doubt they were out
And tonight we're rocketeers"", said Mouse."
I didn't make the world I'm livin' in
That we can work it out
Richman, want a little bit more
When it's love, ooh
Girl, hang on tight and don't let go
I hear music on the landin' an' there's laughter in the air
Oooh - i can see that you've got
Damn good tiemes
But I was young an' I was, far too 
I don't think it!s so far
I'll meet you half the way
Think that's where I'm gone
Winds up tired with who he meets
dead ringer for the big first prize.
Push, shove
Eyes that just don't see
Oh, Jimmy!
No good, no good, Ow-ow! no good
The ocean's roar will dull the drummin'
From afar
Mama I can be both of them I got the tools, to satisfy-uh
Ride to live, live to ride
I feel you agreein'
Only missed by a fraction
Just, get up and make it work
First come, first served, he's serving it back
Uh-uh-uh-uh-ah!
Little girl loves to boogie woogie, looks so fine like some sweet suger
He's the man the town used to fear
This is home, this is Mean Street
And she hulas when I walk
Or she couldn't make love at all
Might get lucky
I can see clearly now
Oh hell yeah!
At an early age he hits the 
Little bit o' everything, ooh, even when it hurts
Ah Oh, it doesn't matter what you wear
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-be doo-be do-wah
You can stop me now
And try not to laugh
Uh huh, I never stop
Even on the beat, on the, on the beat
Don't try to use that thing on me
Going crazy
That's how it'll always be
Reachin' out for anything
A-just-a hangin' 'round let me look for parkin' lots
Ooo, the hammer, hammerhead
Stay Frosty now!
So it's up the road
When he walked by, they all held their breath
Wonder who I'd wanna be
Mommy didn't need no little boys
 you feel alright
I been aware the ball might roll or tumble
 in her eyes
If the mountains fell in the sea,
Stromy weather Oooh ooh ooh Oh yeah Oooh ooh ooh
There must be a better way ooo-oooh
Sometimes you wander
I'm runnin' back for more
Slip in a dream or two
Seen it on a billboard
Come on baby, close your eyes, let go
Ow, ow, ow, she got that rhythm
Man on a mission, straight ahead
Woo! Look out!
An angry father
Woo! It's got what it takes
Heel rocker
How bout it?
Been that way for a long, long time
 from the past
Big train
I want my control back, but I'm afraid I'll lose that feeling. Ow!
Once embraced, can't ever be let go
'Cause nothing but the real thing
Oh tell me why ooh-ooh should I ooh-ooh
Ah, shoot it!
Is the best part of a man, yeah
I don't wanna hear about it later Ah hear about it later
King Kong never had it so clean
Ow! Hey!
Sandman, kicking mud in your eye
The white sand sure make a tan look nice
Get up. Get up and make it work
Take a bite of double fries
Hey, Eddie!
I've got it
 than ever, you realize
Nothin Nothin' else could ever do
Everybody else gotta pay cash...
Three sixty-five, five, fiiive!
And I got a line, Ooh-ooh you grab that pole Ooh-ooh
Don't say, don't say...
She came and took me by surprise Showed me what I hadn't seen
. Woo!
Ow! Whoa yeah! On Judgement Day
See you drivin' up and down my road
Telephone
Oooh It's all right by me
I knoooooooooooooooow. uh huh
She turn your head around
 is Right
And she might just yet,
A-send the mayor down in his pickup truck
Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony! Alimony!
She don't like the way I wear my hair
Ooh yeah, oh yeah-eah
But not one thing I've tried
StreetLife, Night Life
So why do ya think your life is boring?
 here. It's not what you are, ya see, it's how ya dress
I know I ain't lucky in nothin'
Blowin' steam
I can hear the sound
Creature from the sea with the looks to me
The Atomic Punk!
Once shared, can't ever be separate
Ain't no fool could see
Now all I gotta do is get up, go out, and get her
the streets
What kind of fashion
And true love will never die
A-Bitch sure got the rhythm
Birds against an icy sky
Wait a minute, ah This is home Somebody said "Fair warning", Lord
I'll tell you honey by morning you'll be mine, yes. All mine
Oh, can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
She givin' me the runaround Round round round round
Can't keep a 
Hold on. Hold on, I'm runnin'! Ah, yeah!
Honey, how about you?
You can jazz it up or play it slow
Well right now makin up for lost time, yeah!
Though nothin's on the shore
Drivin' me insane
You'll be a grandma under 40
Shinin' red and blue light, yeah
An' I can't recall any love at all
Her voice is steady she knows
All these crazy women
I'm the livin' 
Yeah! Some low life flat head scum infects
I've become a diplomaniac
Know something to be true, then deny it
Got a rosy future, and a big behind
Have you seen Junior's grades?
Run, run, runaround Round round round round
And it looks like
The road to destruction
Just walk away
Pay your dues and stay on track
Ahh Ow, ow, ow, she get crazy
She needed classical music
There's always easy street
Yeah, I been in debt from conception
Tonight, no
If I get myself together
He wanted her tonight
And she said "Could this be magic? Or, could this be love?"
Outta love! Outta love Again
And I heard bells ringin'
We made it through the cold
Just a Hammerhead Shark
But the sun still shines
Big train Don't know what you're doin'
When it comes to you and fashion
'Cause we belong in a world that must be strong
And I don't want to go home
Says place but here
Poets try the same.
You can't quit when you get played
Burt not me Chief
I'm just a gigolo everywhere I go
This is home, Ooh this is Mean Street
Or forever you can hold my peace...
Yeah, the one I want want
 ain't dirty
To make us see we're Humans Being?
We got a permanent place at that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
I am two parts diamond
Too much exasperation
I love my dog
Co-op City first 3 floors
Drop dead bombshell
But this time's our time
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' yeah
But now I'm livin' with the aftershock
Got a good job, makin' lots of money
Never mind
I sing the only song we know
When you wish upon a star
Profess to love me, babe
In concern of time
And then some lovin'. Wouldn't that be nice? Yeah!
When you were learning to see. oooooooh
Nothin' will discourage me. Oh, no
I can't seem to get her out
And that just wasn't right. ooooooh
That special moment lost in time
reservations
She had her drink in her hand
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, Woo bottoms up, bum-bum-buh
Ow-ow!
Proposed me a toast:
Just a-smokin' and a-drinkin', I'm ringside
A solitary Buddhist monk
Married life done changed him somehow
You painted daughters of the Tong Underground
I want some too
An' I wanna do that with you, babe
Jimmy on the news at five!
Uh-ah uh-ho ho, yeah, gimme some o' that. Woo!
Ah-ah. Summer nights On a hot summer night. Hey!
Cross the line where none return
I don't know man. We're dyin', we're dyin'
sensation
How 'bout 'cha now, come on!
I need another shot o' your love
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Come on turn, turn this thing around
Don't tell me what love can do, alright
Yes I know it well
 now (the coast is clear)
An' hang 'em high
Light 'em up!
Well my baby's on the corner and she's lookin' so fine
You take an average guy, he can't identify, uh
Rhyme. Rhyme
Owwwwwwww!
Somebody get me a doctor. Ah, yeah!
Mmm, here they goin', my way. Woo! Woo!
Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Dead or alive
Don't draw the line
Hah, yeah
Yours in a simple 
Of all wrong they decide and the shotgun sings the song I'll tip my hat to the
Yeah, we'll get higher and higher
I won't, but I want it
Ya think ya got the interest
Lemme put it to music, yeah, I say...
And that is, I'm slowly fading away
I journeyed to the North
Angels gotta smile every once in a while
I asked her,
 good and I'm funny, so why'm I lonesome honey
I found the simple life ain't so simple
Yeah, yeah the one I want the one I want
Rhyme. Rhyme. Rhyme
Yeah right, she says
Quality time
Being leader of the 
Got me so I can't sleep at night
Just look around. Whoa, yes
Or changed the channel when you saw a hungry child?
I don't, I don't know, I don't know!
Yeeeaaahhh!
Tell me, what are ya waitin' for?
Over and over, yeah-eah
Ah-ha!
And that's my bottom line...!!
That we can make it right
Are you for real?
Flesh, blood and bone
A fallen angel looked a lot like you
Baby, you're no good
blow it up, 
This is Mean Street in this desperate part of town
How many, how many, say I
Kinda lost, sorta rich
What a snappy little mammy gonna keep a pappy happy
Mailman, looking more like your daughter
You really got me
You better bring it, or don't ring it
Well, I just can't help myself, I am yours to have.
I got her in my sight, but just outta reach. Oh-oh!
For a bird's eye view of the play
For me! It says no more, no more
Damned if I do an' then I'm damned if I don't
I'll bear the cross on Judgement Day
I'm as bare, I'm as bare, as a barren womb
You're no good! no good, no good
High rise, high rent, before it's earned it's all been spent
Let's do this bottle Oh! right!
I used to wanna meet?
Show Me
You know how sometimes, you got to run
Here we go around Round round round
Ow! Yeah
lesson
Hold you in my arms, keep you warm and
And you keep tryin', Wow! don't waste time
I been that way for a long, long year
(Here he comes)
Cause separation
This is the operator
They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Ah one time
Ah just one more crazy night
And when 
And I'm making it
I seen some folks fall
But I'll try, yeah I'll try for it
It's just something you feel together, hey!
Just like I told you before! Before! Before!
Oooh You know I wanna
Two tribes warring
 starts improving
But so much of that lies in our own hands
 me some Panama Red, yeah
What's the only thing to do in this town?
Gimme some o' that big, big money
Drivin' all the women crazy
There's some dirty work
I'm called: Thug Pop.
Ahh! Ahhhhh!
It's gettin' late Don't know just where I've been
A little lovin' On my mind
Stop lookin' out, start lookin' in
Across the ocean blue, Ooh-ooh-ooh me an' you
But you were young and bold, and baby
That's where we're goin'
Don't be a fool
And the cradle will rock
Wait like the wind, 
Well, my 
Is that why God made us breed
paper moon shinin' brilliantly.
Of a place that's not on any map
When the night is through
 with all your might
A farmer's 
Well, all right!
Lord, don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown
the woman
Like she's workin' on a heart attack
Dance, dance, dance the night away
I believe in fate and 
All you bad, bad boys. Call her up on the spank line. Whoa!
I would call this bingo
Lyrics for "Medicine Man" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
picture
His words still racket in my head.
Always look so cool?
Nobody rules these streets at night but me, nobody. Ahhhhhh!
Some goes to women, ooh, some goes to Jesus
But I, I just can't do it all
Lord, I've been feelin', I'm feelin', I'm feelin' things that
God guides us on our journey
He don't understand what a man should know
She said, "Look, just don't touch it!"
 into my eyes
'Neath a zombie moon
From start to finish
Ooo-ooo-ooo
Ha-ha-haaaaaaaaa!
Didja get your head lost in a daydream?
Mama, i'm the one you want
online
I'm done with coexisting
That fallen angels play?
It's always here and now my friend, it ain't once upon a time
Just to piss me off?
Now ya see it
If I didn't think it was worth one try
Better change your tune
Turn! turn! turn! turn! turn!
Gonna blow this whole town
You runnin' blind, but you jumped the gun
Now you go on an' do what you want to
I think of all the 
I had me some drinks
 it nice 'n sweet. Ooh!
I can see you don't know 
And I'm not gonna' try to please
I'll tip my hat to the new constitution take a bow for the new revolution
My friend Jerry's feet are achin'
King-size, we were crushin'
And you're on borrowed time
Don't you lie
Headed for the skies
Who needs the aggrevation
Whatever gets
Hey, ah my telephone is ringin', they told me
Mm, these dangorous days
When nothing's left but death and taxes
the real kind.
Shyboy, shyboy, give it one more time boy
Baby please, can't take it anymore
Honey, run tell everyone
Act a little nice and kind
Oh! Juke joint Jimmy is the latest thing
Oh, right now!
How does he do it?
Alright
Mom, God, Pie the whole routine
The Atomic Punk
with the help and the grace from above.
Sho-nuff beats workin' for me
snowflake
Suddenly occurs to me
Still cookin' with that old time, long lost recipe, yeah. Woo!
Don't have to show you 
Napalm in the morning
And tangled destinies
Oooh ooh ooh Don't draw the line
I done most anything, keep 'em doin' anything 'cause
Ah, manHa, ha-ha!
Well, here I'm rollin' down another sunny highway,
Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo See the whole wide world turn upside-down
Blue, it makes me blue
We're having dinner late
I think it's high time we lay it out there on the line
Far as you ramble,
I'm a tough little fart, wow!
Can be held by the same hand
When the tide comes in.
It seems
You got to get right back to where you started from
Oh, if you wanna see other guys
I'm a regular guy
mm, nothin' like her in the whole world.
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Gets me wild
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin'
To be so mad with me
Baltimore, in D.C. now Dancin' in the streets
And you're a permanent stranger
You're pissin' Windex, no foolin'
Standin' on top
Danger rides the web tonight
It's Showtime!
It's like a full time occupation
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight
Get it in, jump. Jump!
Ow, baby hold on
Until I get mine, yeah mine
I'm what my daddy said i'd never be
Ain't got nobody, waitin' at 
All dressed up in a 3 piece suit
So, right down to the bottom of 
Till you seen the livin' end
Cherry Blue and Mighty Mouse
Blind to himself, an' he's laughing up his scheme
Pick up the phone, no time to waste.
Wolves at my door, wised up quick
And I struggled to stay afloat.
The question is not, "Does love exist?"
Uh! Uh!
Summer nights and my radio
I'm talkin' 'bout it.
A buck is still a buck in Shanghai
Uh yes, you are
Turn right next Thursday
Lights, camera, action
Save some money, get rich and old,
Got it bad,
But i can lift really heavy things.
And we're pumpin' thunder
do that bump and grind.
I just got to splurge
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah
But that don't make the show
Ah! It's a small change
And I, ain't gonna tell you what's right for you
Way down in L.A. everyday
Get out! Operator calling. Get out! Operator
Gonna leave, get a job
That meant a lot to me
I'm doing the victory dance!
I grabbed that telephone
To love somebody honestly And always trust
Never met nobody 'makes me feel the way you do
He made me see:
And I believe it's so
Need no lessons
Not to know, and who needs proof?
Woo! Summer nights and my radio
Checks in people with her pants in a bunch,
Ain't goin' down to no Crossroads
'Cause honey, something reached out and touched me
And now we're wasting time Now we're wasting time
Tattoos, scars, and missing parts
When you turn on your stereo
With no distractions
'Til we got stung
I'm talkin' some new kicks, ones like you ain't never seen
I'm a real nice guy
Everybody wants some! Hey, hey!
So honey Ahh leave me alone, or lady, you're stayin' the night
 your head is goin'
This is my chance to fly
Best deceive these true colors that follow one of your false virtues
Your social activities
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground. Woo! Come on
You know it's more than just some new sensation
Look at that
I'm alive, I'm electric, inspired
Now me look, I got this job not just bein' myself, huh!
As I ride your sonic, oo-wave
(Girls, girls, girls yeah I dig the)
Lovin' and a livin' and a treat me like a fool! Wow!
Woman, I've been thinkin'
Can you see me kow crack the skies like lightnin'
One time!
I love my little sweetheart girl
Oh, yeah yeah!
Dig it! That's right
Oh, love once. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
They're dancin' now, look! Out on Mean Street
Now I don't wanna know
It's what's happening
Didn't you?
I don't like nothin' in between
You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' Ow!
I'm in love
Huh-uh! Ye-ah, oh-oh oh
Don't let this get around
I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
Pledge allegiance to a place
You straight up aces
I'm gonna be, yours in a simple...
I'm just a sucker for a pretty face
What American Bandstand is to the theory of evolution
strapped to the front of a
Baby, I never thought you would
No special favors make it out to cash
Better look out now though, Dave's got somethin' for you
Turn! turn turn...
Ah, might as well jump. Jump!
Once revealed, can't ever be not shown
Nothin' else I need
company
But little texas keeps things even
You're riding high on Monday,
You want a good one?
And I know Ooo-ooo-ooo what I got to do
I may be wrong but I think she kinda likes ya.
And I feel her from across the room
Ah ah You're gonna hear the angels singin'
Why put it off another day?
And combat boots
Or love of the buck?
, was what she wanted
Machine...
That white boys simply cannot dance
I don't need no stinkin' click!
Leaving here we aggravate you
Each man's a country in his own right oh,
I'm just a little impatient
We're gettin' funny in 
You'd swear this kid was 21 goin' on 44
Another ladies's nite in Buffalo
So don't get caught here in the city at nite
Got the truth bein' left behind
There's a fire in the hole
Yeah, the one I want the one I want
And skin like bark
And some of them just dies
Tasty, very sweet
Tell us how you do! Hoo hoo hoo!
Like a frozen cold freight train
All about your 
All right, I said
I wonder who I'd rather be
An' I don't wanna
You know I lost a lot of friends there baby
Right now Hey! It's your tomorrow
Feel my heartbeat
Work hard at this my friend.
Oh, just one of the mysteries of creation
Damn straight She's wild In overdrive
Whaddya say fellas? That might just call for a toast
 engine home
Simply pulls a string
 at me, look at you!
Hey baby, woo!
Yeah! Seein', I'm seein' things that don't know
I got to have a little taste
Wired!
Poised on the perverbial brink
Oh-oh-oh Ah Come on g-girl, dance the night away
Questions deep within your eyes
Yeah, you may have all you want baby
, including you
Mistakes
Hammerhead Shark
I thought we were alone
Yeah, feels so good, woo! So good
I was listenin' to the DJ sayin'
Pay for every dance selling each romance
And I'm about to go bananas
Work me out, the payment's cleared
Well don't skip romance 'cause
Voice heavy with the sands of time,
 where she blows
If everything is coming your way
Nothin' sacred, nothin' left unturned
Oooh Woo! Gonna try a little dance
She sang the words wrong
It's plain to see
Yeah, baby please, Ah-ha! I can't uh take it anymore Wow!
I can almost t-taste it, I want more
Then the words can blow better, better
Woq! We wind 'em up n' let 'em go. Whoa! Oh yeah
I got her in my sight, but just outta reach. Whoa!
An' we don't worry 'bout tomorrow 'cause we're sick of these four walls
Gonna give it all we got
some people
For second place
Tell me, tell me, tell me
 in his eyes
Reach back, remember with all your might
Yeah, you'd better zip it back up
Right now Catch your magic moment
Now come on baby
I can't 
Come on! Feelin', hey I don't understand these things
Now I'm hanging ten now baby
Didn't you? Uh!
I could swear I've seen you somewhere before
Get it up, get it up, get it up
Yeah! Love hurts you sometimes
Oooh
Is that me or Happy Days?
Woo! Woo! Ow! Yeah!
You know that you want it Baby!
You want to know
I'll appear right there! Yes I will
Be damned if
Just a little somethin', you know I can't live without
Some call it fate, some superstition
With the blues Oooh
Aww right to the action
One more payment and that's it
No blog-o-sphere to sell me
N' so they said ah-good night
See I was leavin' but I'm thinkin' that I ougtha stay, yeah
That's what I want, big fat money. Yo!
Na na na-ah na na
Don't ya let it cool down
Oh-uh-oh
Oh! I'm incomplete uh!
Model citizen, zero discipline
She been there before, she'll never give in
 to the floor
1-900-SPANKED
Communication Breakdown
She's runnin', I'm flyin'
 that woman fall in love
Once sown, once can't ever be not reaped
Here's a secret to make you think
You got me so I don't know where I'm goin'
Blue, it makes me blue. Makes me blue
Shine the light on a shadow
Smoke a cigarette
I wanna run for my money, that's all!
Ah! The ballot or the bullet
Well I'm tired of be'n a fool
I saw this TV show on toxic waste
S'got me all fired up
Ain't no Midnight Train to Georgia
Yeah yeah, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble
Homegrown and down-home, woo! Come on babe
Standin' on top Hey baby
Seems to move so quickly
I wants ta tell ya
It's all over but the shouting, I come to take what's mine
And the girls all get so tanned
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Buddy, better. Get out and push
They wish they could be a lot more like me
Woo Girl Woo, Girl gone bad, ye-ah
Yeah, and that's a fact
I gotta have mine, yeah mine
Yeah yeah yeah Woo-hoo
Don't light that match no!
Oh, checkin' out all the girls, see what they got
Say baby
Machine
To me it's all just mental masturbation
Uh-ho ho
Puts me under stress, oh Lord
Yeah-yeah!-ow!
Now they're polaroids and drinkin' stories
But can you talk the talk?
Anybody in their right mind could see, you and me
Who are you
If you want love you've got to give
Black sand...
Least I don't need to beg or borrow
Baby please
'Til we meet again
Like a dirty water doggin' a bird
Of the setting sun
You can feel it, yeah!
At the gate of dreams?
Well right now makin it up to you big time!
get started
Edward? Thank you
I don't think ya wanna test me, mama
'Cause I'll try, yeah I'll try for it
Though in slumber you fill my 
No, I ain't gonna tell you what's right for you
Baby, just spread your wings
Well, honey, whattya know...Ho Ho Ho!
Movin' up and down In 'n out
Now will it ever be enough? Wow-oh-oh-oh-ooh-ooh
 to too much rock n' roll
We'll burn the bridges if we please
 wound
Aw, but then let's face it, things are easier today
It's not enough
I gotta come back to see your face
Now, come on!
But tie up your camel and remember
If he don't land on his head
I can't wait, I can't wait Woo!
Hot shoe, burnin' down the avenue
Yeah, I gotta wallet full
I want some too. Whoa!
A genetical testimony
I'm feelin'
Crossing over
Makin' things so hard, 'fore it goes too far. Kick it
An' she gives me a multiple choice...
On my shoulder is a number of the chapter he was in
I'm tired of tryin' to be someone I know ain't me
This is heavy lifting
Ain't no match for your mean ol' man
 wide open wide
Whoa, here it comes
your life
And she said "Could this be magic? Or could this be love?" Uh, oh
This is the first phase
Well you never know when love will come
 bein' left behind
Is all this admiration mutual
Now it's about a 12 mile walk
Is this flash 
Pretty woman. Oh you look lovely as you can be
Ah, Josephina!
, I can hardly walk
I Can't choose what's not my decision
'Cause there's a function at the junction,
New constitution take a bow for the new revolution smile and grin at the change
And no matter Ooo-ooo-ooo what I say or do
Why don't ya get your motor goin'
Because I always lose
No, I, I can't tell you what's right for you
Down to the bottom
Girl, you better start thinkin' somethin' real
But it's time to do it over
It looks like ladie's nite in Buffalo
commercials
I learned my lessons well.
education
Maybe I should go to hell
Oooh So, Cabo Wabo
Seems like lovin' you is just a 
Cannot be seen
I got a drink in my hand, I got my toes in the sand
Alright, you sinners, swing!
No, J.C. Penny man. J.C. Penny
One summer break; and then I kissed her
Oh, tell me where to begin
Late for the dance
Build a town, be proud to show.
If the sun refuse to shine,
You know that you want it Woo!
I'll be out until the mornin' light
Yeah! Feelin', no I don't like what I been told
Is all we need to know
We'll get higher and higher
I never met a man doesn't owe somebody somethin'. No
All the spine of a chocolate eclair
Another accomplice slinging dirt
If I'd even call at all
Had the whole town scared to death
Ah Doesn't matter what you wear
Yeah! Down, down, down, down, down, down
Knees and pray we don't get fooled again the change, it had to come we knew it
Outta space, Outta space
My first time in the spotlight
Ah ah. Ah ah. Ah ah ah
Year to the day!
If she can't then no one else can
But I already got me a new gal to ruin my life
Outside the wire somethin's movin'
Feelin', oh I don't like what I been told
to the outside
Obsessed with this feeling, I trusted it. So I followed it
whiskey
I gotta know!
All my life I never stop to worry 'bout a thing
But I was young and I was far from lonely
Could not recall just where or when
Well I'm just trying to figure
Just a-smokin' and a-drinkin' on ringside
Well, you'll have the blues, not me
Ain't nothin' like it, her shiny machine
Ahh Care or even wanna try?
Her eyes don't follow me
Hey, I don't know
Baby please, I can't take it anymore. Oh!
Baby's really burnin'
My city screams of danger
It's my destiny in my hands
So can't ya see me standing here
Then the over isn't planned. Ah yeah! Ha ha
There's so many ways to 
 assured that
It'll smack ya through the window so hard
You corner my 
Upside down
I like to look at the long run
Straight ahead, less talk, more action
Skinny legs and all
It's ah, easy money
'Till things get out of control, oh!
Talkin' some new kicks, ones like you ain't never seen
So why not on me?
 weather
Got spoiled to death in the hammerhead way
A year to the day!
All the world's a molecule
I know, I know
Mama died and my daddy got drunk.
And the thought of the pretty girl
And the Northern girls with the way they kiss
Now, watch the left, watch the right
'Cause we may never be here again. Ow!
Though not in vain like our forefathers
I do the Dogtown Shuffle
Got a bad little' woman, gon' bite yo' ass
There will be a blue sky.
I'm in your, ears!
Ah Can't crow before I'm out of the woods
 past the crazies on my block
Once whoa-oh-oh really touched?
Or another passing game
That single moment, babe, on a bungee jump
Burning up 
Ah-ah Senorita, do you need a friend? I'm in love with you
 who's back in circulation?
 into your eyes, that hint of depth
You did something for the first time?
, there's trouble in the wind
They'll find a cure for anything
So, why draw the line?
 pleads, "Not Guilty"
Well Oh all your dreams an' visions are based on magazines
Down at the starting line...
Oh, Lord
I need more than just words can say
I just don't wanna talk to him now
Where silence 
Like she like to fool around
Nothin' left, nothin' right, now they want a bigger bite
Change, nothin' stays the same
 of time
I will surrender, I'll surrender to my
Come on too strong, when a little's too much
When was the last time
Better show, better show your love now
One of these dark nights
Man, we was happy
 goes on the car wash wall
All they want is Jimmy baby
Show it!
Startin' up in my feet
Ans I know it's true
 make people
Send me to your room
I given you my self with no conditions
Got me on 
Come on, take me back, baby
yeah you, so you think you made it better
Some brand new groove to sink my teeth into
Inhale before you begin
There's a fire, fire, fire
Got me singin', that same old song
Told Ya!
Seems the old folks who come up short
So I asked her,
Fallin' inside my own pleasure dome
Ya got a mindful of decavities
Those were good times
Close your eyes, get on your knees and pray
Got one foot out the door
Pretty woman, I don't believe you, it must be true
Now what you think is nothin' might be somethin' after all
Higher and higher
, she don't want me around
I don't mind some stormy wheather
Oh, hooked inta her system
the islands
Oooh-oo-ooh There'll be swingin', swayin', records playin'
But now her mama's got hte eyes
Steel fingers play a deadly song
Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lotta trouble. Yeah!
And in the end on dreams we will depend
Everybody needs some!
90 days on the road is what I need
Ah yeah, beautiful girls
How's never sound to you?
Once we had an easy ride an' always felt the same
Teach in turn
They said the wild boys go head to head
If I were you, and you were me
Oooh We crash on the beach
Yes, I barely survived
Fine piece o' real estate. Yeah
Ooh, lightin' up the sky
Oh! They say I'm crazy, from the wrong side of the tracks
With a Hammerhead Shark
Face down Face down
One empty floor
I been places with my face
And with any luck
Ow! Got it bad,
Needed someone to love n' hold me
 throughout
Ooh I need your love. Whaa, yeah!
And a kick in the pants
Cause I get a lot of 
I get the message, 
Time to tell the truth now, all right
My love is rotten to the core
Listen
No, don't point that thing on me
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Get get get get out and push
Now purely off the record, man...
There's a river runs here.
 on the silver screen
What are you doin' this weekend? I don't feel tardy
To do what we wanna
Without you, without you
Ahh Ow, ow, ow, she got rhythm
Dance, dance, dance the night away. Ah, ha ow!
Wrapped up nice n' tight
, the sparks will fly,
Mmmm, said a little ain't enough, baby!
, can't ever be not conceived
Here I am, ain't no man of the world, no
I'm bound for dixie
With just one look
Shyboy, shyboy, shyboy, shyboy
It's no longer me!
"If you take your 
Well, that liquor in the night time leaves strange memories
That woman's waited up all night for me again
Come the daybreak, and come tomorrow
Seems a lifetime, ooh, since yesterday
If you take your whiskey home"""
She saw the 
If we stand 
Stone soul sister, soccer mom
You won't, recognize them anymore
Broken down and dirty, dressed in rags
Don't always believe, all you need is love
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
When the band be pumpin'
Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
All I'm leavin' when it's time to go
new shoes
But he don't care
Turn your clocks back!
I'm gonna be yours in a simple...
And I've got some good ones
So, dream another dream
I'm coming to get ya
Ow! Got me on pins and needles, yes she knows
polar bear
I never got to really know you
Well, 
halfway down the interstate
Why behave in public if you're living on a playground?
Now she's working on the 
One eye on the road, 
Oh, yeah
We'll do it til we're black and blue, ow!
Yeah so damn tight
I need a wild woman
 girl, ah yeah
Oooh ooh ooh Honey I ain't through with you, woo!
 number
Dropped and chopped in Alabama Chrome
Ain't gonna talk about love
I can feel your pain
He comes from nowhere, an' he turns on his own
With the power of deity
Without a pistol
There's nothing in the streets looks any different to me and the slogans are
Let it be like yesterday
On top of the world Top of the world
Just leave your name and number in
Spring a leak
Do it til we're black and blue
Around the block, maybe once or twice
 an' jump. Jump!
Yeah, please can you shine some light?
An' it's the
You know what I'm sayin'
While your back is turned
And I can't refuse
Let's not lose that moment tonight
Sheriff said to Johnny
Sometimes I just wanna do nothin'
Oh, crossing over
Over me
Ya better call up a doctor, feelin high
So dream another dream!
Oh, I 
Love, love is the source of infection
You know Ooo-ooo-ooo my heart is true, oh
Uh-I got to have it
Haaa-ha-ha-ha!
So baby Ahh leave me alone, or baby, stay the night
Mmm, I'm stepping over
Always another train pulling into
And all the rich have ever proven
All along we were liberated from the fold, that's all and the world looks just
Apeman, ain't nobody's uncle
Walkin' down a dead-end street
And it's club dates in the sticks
He's a fightin' man, sure enough
And stand up stand up
See it's greater than everything
It was right here all the time, time, time, time!
I wanna chase you round the dance floor
Hey hey hey hey! One break, comin' up!
Baby, say I like it
Yeah-hey yeah!
You can tell 'em
Hey, I don't understand
Keep you down for the count
`cause i'm also
Need a long tall darling, mama
Hey man, that suit is you!
I got the feelin' she don't know either
Oh, I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin', I'm dreamin' things that show me
Yeah, you just smile and the picture sells
Little elvis is combat ready
World turns black and white
It's later than you think...
Hike, and keep passin'
This is home See, a gun is real easy
Pretty woman, I couldn't help but see
Aces wild yes we am
Come on, get it, get it, ow!
Re-Turn! re-turn re-turn...
Far and wide,
I love my house
Every riddle and every clue
That's what's comin' down
Ah, can't ya see what I mean?
Ooooh!
To be on my side
But her hands were always tied
But what I do know I know feels only natural
Yeah, no mercy at your feet
Dig those 
Call the boss of bigtown
Staring at the sun, searchin' for the light
From just a magazine
There goes the neighborhood...
Yes you are in danger
No I don't like what I been told
It happened just like that, wow!
And then I crashed my rent-a-car in the pouring rain
And it smelled like vicory
The aforementioned
Comin' to get ya
There ain't no power 'round
Buddy, you got womens on your mind
Awe reap!
Lyrics for "That Beatles Turn" by DAVID LEE ROTH are not available yet
Long shot lover was a real bun buster
The underground. Oh-oh
And it ain't goin' away without a fight, no!
An' tell everybody they can kiss my ass, oh yeah
Of a hungry heart
I'm gonna try em all just once before I die
Some days you're the 
If I'm wrong, hey! Then I'll pay for it
It's gettin' hard to find
Oh man, it's hard enough, yeah
Straight ahead in front of me
Because I can't repress all of these
You should try my job-
Puttin' so many in life
I say rock on. Hey! Rock on
Baby Lover
Tell a cop, tell a friend, think we hit the stoney end
I ain't that smart
Ow! Put it off until Judgement Day
Ooh, when it's love
Oh, oo-ow-oo-ow-oo-ow!
You say, I cannot get there from here, baby
So it's one for the money
Yeah! She got! She got! Me hot. Uh!
N' trust in the mercy of the sea Oooh ooh ooh
So i can make sense of
I can almost t-taste it, it burns
Bring it all right back
Leather 'cross his thighs
Down in New Orleans Dancin' in the streets
Outta love A-gi-gi-gi-gi-gain, ow!
Harmonica Solo
 me nervous
Wake the little rug rats up;
Gotta get it one more
Or you can fake it baby
I'll whisper in your dreams
Welcome to my town, my town, my town!
But she knows what that'll get her
Towards those burning sands
Blink of an eye another shooting star falls, yeah
(And some folks say)
kinda quiet dude and sure was 'sposed to be back at the house
"Fuck me like Chopin
She was a good pal
And if you turned up 
With Your Filthy Little Mouth
And I'll take the scenic route
Let's begin
With your Huckleberry Finn
, honey
How bout a little Henry Miller
position
Assume the 
Tell me what you want
Tell me that you want it
Just let go
If we both want it so bad
Right along with that special sin
Or maybe you already have
Call me sweet lordy, high-master Jesus
You can do your penance
Right where you're breathin'
Make you wanna sell your soul
And it's gotta be good
Ah don't touch that dial
Here's a word about my ex-girlfriend
I'll write a verse to this song"
Ooh yeah!
destination
All my friends now, they look up to me
So come on down and get me, honey, while you can.
When it's, good enough ta
Ooh Tell me, who ya gonna call when you need that affection?
We don't save up
All you backroom boys salute when her flag unfurls.
Yeah, the streets are a million laughs
Honey, mama,
I heard about your lessons
Lost victories long past
Just like I told you before. Uh, before
Wa wa zat !! it's about time
Heartache's all around me
Baby's on Fire
, yeah
Whoo-wee!
Time to change my galaxy in case
Stay frosty
I knoooooooooooooow oooooh
Or don't fuck me at all
You can spend my 
Come on smile and say cheese
But we still got time to go
A hot dog and a shake.
When the sheriff found him
He's got the look! Woo!
Got the feel for the wheel, keep the movin' parts clean
Big river.
When a house is divided, it just will not stand
The day is dunzo
So let's hope that mom and daddy
Woo! Ow!
He's doin' the dishes 'n moppin' up that floor Yes he is
All I need, is a beautiful girl Beautiful girl
Clap your hands together
Woman bound for glory
Gayman, looking for another
Yeah, there is a way with beauty but you never gave a love
Oh! She said:
And it's a shame to think
Mama I can be both of them I got the 
Oh, here we go! Yeah yeah
Said she tried to leave me
No distractions, I'm on a mission
We'll do the Fat Cat Shake
Uh! Hey baby, I feel good So good
Second is, there ain't no other
Got an on-ramp comin' through my 
You want to be a monk?
An' we ain't done"
Boogieman, he giving me the creeps
Without a shoulder to cry on
I'm gonna tell ya all about it
Prophylactic for you...
If everything is going your way
No mad, mad world and no mad hatters
Think quick or you're out of luck.
yeah, I'm easy
Got no room to second 
Just like the man said
Scuse me, but I'm new in town
I can't stop lovin' you Ooooo
You're gonna make me crash
Into the atom age
Ooh I need your love!
The baddest cat alive!
Miles and miles and miles from nowhere
Honey, hang on tight
And a 
Yeah, we were lauthin'
If I cannot kiss you from afar
This beat has got mixed blood
I'm a thoroughbred Less talk, more action, with no distraction Ooooo
And we had some
I journeyed to the East
The barn burnt down now I can see the moon
A live wire, barely a beginner
It solved some crackhead dealer
Can't ever be untouched
Come um-um-um-um-um baby, bottoms up
But I am doing well
Yes, I'm all fired up
One thing you must believe
Come on baby, you say yeah
All around pick up my guitar and play just like yesterday then I'll get on my
Here's a word about my ex-girlfriend
Whoa, you don't have to die an' go to heaven
She got the stereo with the big guitars
By keepin' the dream alive
When you find what you want isn't even the thing you need.
He grew up square
One light that shines
Yes I do!
I've always liked those kind of high heels, too, ya know I...
Oh! Woo!
If you want love
What the asian call
All you bad woo! bad boys. Just, call her up. Ha! Call her up
Cos I'm cold
Talk about the apolitical blues
Oh baby, this blows 'em all away
So if you seein' down my backstreets
Feel my heartbeat Ah
Yeah, there's still some fight in me
Yeah, my guise could use some refinement
North n' South, East n' West, right n' left
She wanted something to regret
You're old enough to
Ow, Top Jimmy cooks!
She ain't waiting 'til she gets older
I got the tools. I'll satisfy ya
If I'm right, yeah, you're gonna deal with it
Than your morals
Does it seem cold in here to you? Ah man
I'll try and I'll cry, even die for it
Well, call it love or call it murder
Bright lights, city lights...
So if you're feeling like
Maybe I'm crazy or just too high
But yesterday I was alone
Baby, pull the string
Someplace to feast my eyes, oh
Baby, yeah, I think that you're headed for some trouble
Love comes walkin' in
I've been rich and I've been poor
Well, I could take a little cold shot
No one talks about the times you cried
Got the finger...put it right there on the trigger
continued
Right now, it's right now
Oh baby, baby, baby, don't give up,
Are you ready for a 
The more you do it
Wow! 'Cause they love it, when me an' the boys
Has so many bad habits
Ah don't touch that dial
bring it back to Tobacco Road.
Baby, why can't this be love?
Stay frosty now.
Here she comes, full blast and top down
I really do want to go
Every beer that I pour in me
As Is is how I follow through
Oh, I, I, I tell you what love can do
I got a one track mind
Ow! Whoo! Woo!
Headless body in a topless bar
Oh oh oh oh You can feel it, yeah!
Where have all the good times gone?
No distractions
Swear to god it make ya
Now, come on baby!
That band is on the radio
I know, I don't ask for permission
Yeah, you reach for the golden ring
Tell your star reporter
Bullethead
Mucha chamiga
A Tweedle dumb and Tweedle dumber
Said, I came here to waste some time
(foxy lady)
Hear your voice again
Show your love babe
You got a hold on me
She wants a good life, ah! An' all the best
Stone you like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
It's not yours, it's not mine, no-oh
Somewhere, he lost it in a turn
They're hoping soon my kind will drop and die,
Oooh ooh ooh S-s-s-sucker Sucker
Whoa! Bbbbbbb
Power slide ain't ya heard?
Some folks say `easy come is easy go'
Picknicking hard in your moma's backyard
Uh, mama, just tell him anything
It's layin' out all night
message
We're black and blue! Uh
The ugly duckings
Love takes a little time
Who's your favourite page
Yeah! I'm feelin' over fine
Ah-ah-ah
"when I die, send the body to heaven,
The traveler don't know where he's goin'
Small world till they lose your luggage, tho'
But luckily that ain't how she sees it
You won't find me hangin' round
But it's my life
When that evenin'
Sun go down
Ain't no good life
I know the Night Life
Yeah, but it's my life
Bout some old used to be
All the people
They all just dreamin'
Just like you and me
Ain't no good life
They know the Night Life
Nothing but people
 to the blues
Yeah, but it's my life
Hear what they say
A whold boulevard of broken dreams
Listen to the blues, baby
Baby, 
Wait a minute
Don't tell me life
What's that I think I hear, I say!
Hear the guitar 
Cause I know the Night Life
Ain't no good life
Is just an empty thing
listen
And put it on your skin
First I take my finger
And then it turns to red again
Makes a little white mark
And you got nothin' to do
Come on up to the roof
And you wanna get a sunburn
So if you're lazy on a Sunday
The city's fairly steamin'
I think your nose is peelin'
The sun is hot and clear
I can taste your skin from here
Come on up to the roof
And you wanna get a Sunburn
Any Tuesday'll do
So if you're lazy on a Sunday
Looked like 
See, I was up here yesterday
Sounds like...
 upon a music paper
Gets the last line
Saw some pigeons on a power line
I wrote it down
 Manhatten
We burnt the city down here
You're Breathin' It
Dante's inferno meets the 
(Night Life)
Street Life, Night Life
 is Right
And it smelled like vicory
(Wild Life)
A lot like in the movies
Sex Life, Wild Life
Late last night
(Street Life)
(Sex Life)
Are ya scared?
Atmosphere
It makes you laugh
It makes you piss
It makes you cry
With some 
I barely made it through
 and a few CDs
new shoes
Now I don't mind some danger
So, I took a little hit
You're Breathin' It
(Night Life)
StreetLife, Night Life
(Wild Life)
Sex Life, Wild Life
Just when I'm gettin' kinda used to the taste
I saw this TV show on toxic waste
Don't have a heartattack
(Street Life)
(Sex Life)
Are ya scared?
And now a message 'bout the ozone layer
You're Breathin' It
Atmosphere
It makes you laugh
It makes you piss
It makes you cry
Never solved a thing, I differ
It solved some crackhead dealer
You're Breathin' It
StreetLife, Night Life
Down on 14th street much quicker
And if you're wondering where our homeboy is 'bout now
Sex Life, Wild Life
And if you think that violence
Don't have a heartattack
Explosions way uptown
(You're Breathin' Him...)
If I can make it there
I'm gonna be a part of it
I'm leavin' today
In old New York
Start spreadin' the news
New York, New York
These vagabond shoes are ready to stray
I make it anywhere
And I don't think the devil's
I don't think so!
Me from singing a blue streak, no
Empty pockets never stopped
Ever gonna give me back
Hey mean old gal
Yes I did, baby
It's like a full time 
Yeah I'm the same old number
You know the cross-town bus just rolled
But we still got time to go
'Cause stayin' 'round here takes patience
occupation
I've become a diplomaniac
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Yeah I'm believing that you needin' yo relaxation
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
I don't think so mama!
but honey tell me can you tell that story twice?
No it ain't, no it ain't baby!
I think ya better get it all ready girl
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
; and then I kissed her
'Cause there's a function at the junction,
Yes I am!
See I was born without a silver spoon But I'm gonna make a stir
And was singin' it
On her daddy's boat and shot accross the lake
One summer 
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
Was vaccinated with a phonograph needle
One summer break Same summer that I kissed her
On her daddy's boat and shot across the lake Yeah!
Baby, PLEASE!! Little ain't enough, aw yeah, Wow!
Mmmm, said a little ain't enough, baby!
No it ain't baby, no it ain't!
Oh I say mama and a lil' ain't enough for me
Oh I say mama living ain't a luxury
Just a paradise on a roll
Well, look at me
Fatality on a Saturday night
Well, honey I know you never satisfied
Is this a blessing in disguise?
Right between the eyes
Got me in her sights
You better...
C'Mon and take the fat chance
Sit back and let it all unfold
This ain't suicide
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
Not how much you make
how much
 to me
Is it good for you, 'cause it's good for me!
And you can tell 'em last night
You say you don't wanna dance
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Shut yo' mouth an' hit the floor
That it's all 
You Better...
How's your love life, how's your sister
And blame it all on rock'n'roll
Ooh, I can't resist
Honey 
 you spend, baby
That you was blind to see
Is this the one that gets away?
Well, lemme tell ya my friend
listen
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Talkin' about me, baby
Shoot it, Shoot it
Is it good for you, it's good for me!
Want some good clean fun?
You say you don't wanna dance
Well, I heard you play with guns
But you can trust in me
Don't cry wolf too many times, baby
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Honey listen to me
An' I see you got a vacancy!
Whoo! Dressed to the nines
Shut yo' mouth an' hit the floor
And you can tell 'em last night
And blame it all on rock'n'roll
That you was blind to see
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
I'm just a movin' target, mama
You pull yo gun, you better...
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
Is it good for you, 'cause it's great for me!
Girl you gotta do it for a friend in need
Is it good for you?
Set 'em up, Shoot 'em down
C'Mon baby put your best shot on me
Shoot it, Shoot it
It's unbelievably spectacular from over here, baby...
A friend in need, I love ya honey!
Beggers can't be choosers in a den of thieves
I can't deny that woman is mine, all right
Between trouble an' my Lady Luck
Clear off the beaten path
I'm off an' runnin'
But I know that I ain't comin' back
But I can't wait to get there
Don't know where I'm goin'
will tell
Sometimes I laugh to win
Aww yeah!
An' only time 
I don't know where I'm goin'
Cause he who laughs lasts
Casts a magic spell
Time after time I'm walkin' the line
Will I make that turn?
I see the headlights burnin'
Only time will tell!
And ride 'em cowboy that we did
She liked to ride 'em 
Between trouble an' my Lady Luck
cowboy
Who can take me, baby?
Who can tell it well?
Lady Luck
More than most could stand
Don't sing me ballads
Then she found another man
Pass the buck an' live it up
Lady Luck, yeah!
Life's a game for me
Who can race me child?
Time after time I'm walkin' the line
I can't deny that woman is mine, all right
So don't throw that book at me
She said...
Now baby please, baby...Please!
Mine all right
I'm hot!!
Whoa, all right...
Baby please...
Never leave me Lady Luck
Woh, yeah, Lady of mine, yeah
Ow...all right
Lady Luck
Aww right!
I seen your behind, aw yeah
Hear the light'nin', whoa yeah
Trouble ahead, trouble behind
Oooh, baby
All right
Lady luck, I tried to please tho'
Trouble ahead, Trouble behind
And fear the thunder, whoa yeah
'Fore ya float that arc
You better save me a space
Kings lay with whores
Well, it's time to go
Whoa yeah, the Hammerhead Shark
And a time of grief
Now, now now Johnny liked to drink and fight
Yeah the world was wicked
And their 
It was a time of trouble
Noah said to his missus
 were cold
For my hammerhead shark
hearts
And begat thieves
And he raised big hell every Saturday night
Lord said to Noah
You musta rumbled it up
Mmm, the Hammerhead Shark
By the time I could teach him
Honey, I'm in love with a Hammerhead Shark"
double stack thunder
And told her these words
Oh Takers need a giver, this much we understand
Got the fearin', power steerin'
Go ahead
I wanna chase you cross the dance floor at that old Cheatin' Heart Cafe
Once dawn, can't ever be not light
Sound a little bit absurd. Hey! And a little too late
I have those same dreams
But ask yourself later
To east L.A.
Lose the dress
I don't wanna drive alone tonight
That's the thing about self-improvement
I know you never thought about it
Looked me in the eye
My blinders up
The debris meets the sea
More value, pass the buck.
Well, things got bad and things got worse
I'll freeze the smile on your face
High crime zone, in the city o' lights
I was leavin' but I'm thinkin' that I ougtha stay, yeah
I see it comin'
If I'm right, yeah you're gonna hear about it
Big dreamers never sleep (No they don't)
Look beyond the kung-fu fighting.
By any means necessary
Been a puppet, pirate, a poet, a pauper, a pawn and a king.
 I'm checkin' out, I think you oughta know
That when you 
On the rest of me
Outta love Oh! Once again, ahhh
You're afraid of the dark
Did ya break a heart, like little girls often do?
Time rools on
that station: and I'll be smilin' again
Sure, we was acting like a couple of kids
And there's a short supply of her fine, fine stuff
Well we're gonna 
But before we do
 it right
White collared conservative flashing down the street,
Ooo-oo-ooo
Gotta make the choice
I'm the one you want
I'm easy,
At the 'leventh hour I'm goin' back outside
 and a few CDs
Never say die!
Oh girl, do it, come on
None of 'em know it
So, I took a little hit
I look good and I'm funny, so why'm I lonesome honey
Of any city thoughts and city ways
Clarinet Solo
Turn your radios on
To change your life, to lose your place in time
Now do you talk the talk?
I can never be free
A little more volume in the headphones please...
Vampire
 the seventh seal
We'll do lunch on the cutting floor
You better find yourself a friend, my friend
Ow! Come on and finish me!
How deep does a rabbit hole go?
Ooh, I'm just a pushover
I'm on a mission
Coin of the realm
And I know you know I got no special plans Special plans
Before it makes me sick
Well East coast girls are hip
Whoo! Sweet little wishbone, oh yeah
Let me count the ways you rock my world
Ow! Hey, hey, hey!
Beggin' you baby, beggin' on my bended knees I'm on my knees
Be love?
His platform could I endorse
Leather 'cross his thigh
And who's that standin' there in the corner?
That's what's comin' down On my butt, anyway. Heh heh
A fire!
Guitar
There ain't a promise that you won't make
I said, "Hey, you never know" And the hula girls go...(ahhh)
Now, every 
Catch as catch, catch as catch can
source
On the 
She up and left and I almost died
 to a sea shell
Some self-made guy gets it in the ass
Daddy didn't need no little toys
And I'd love to get to know the natives
Great ones for living under
And he didn't even stop the show
I wanna tell you now
Gonna fix it so you never leave
Produce it, better use it
And then they went and they 
Just a shark on the street mama
I am you and you are me
Do you? Ooo! Do You? Yeah
Go west young man? Aww rite!!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
"Honey read the small 
Right up the middle
Satisfaction guaranteed
Tight as a fiddle string
You'll slip right down her drain
Extra point and you're never the same
the game
Touchdown and that's 
Graspin' straws an' that ain't all
Try it once but easy does it!
Drop at a time is all ya need
Shot right through the brain
Try it twice, ya gotta love it!
And her hot pants started late
Had a sunny disposition
No I did not hesitate
And a somewhat shady past
She said, Look, just don't touch it!"""
Don't you worry bout the morning
Every time I bloomed again
You really got me Whoa-oh
Come on Dave, gimme a break
Pretty woman, say you'll stay with me
Dream another dream Dream another dream
Are you sporting 
But I, I don't never let it get me down
Guys gotta see it
You are near
You gotta cook a lot of rice."
Well I'm running wild, lost control
I, I'm naturally wired
Oh Lord, I heard the shotgun
Whuh! Whuh! Whuh! Whuh!
Don't tell me what love can do, uh
Silver lights shinin' down
Wax it on down
 times have you said to yourself,
Head over heels
Ya ought'ta be goin'
Well, they gotcha comin' in, they gotcha goin' out
Strongman, yeah he knows how to cry
Try and figure you out
Returning home of the prodigal
Love, love, love, love is the source of infection
The ocean breezes cool my mind
Alright! Alright!
Now that I've found you
You wanna play? 
One love so fine
Just to try to make herself feel better
You go there once, you'll be there twice
There's a trick to Christian values
Aw, yeah!
They comin' out for sure
And now your message from above
Ow-oh! Hey, you! Who said that? Baby, how you been?
I don't care, I just--
Don't you know how much I make?
Ooh I need your love, baby take me home
Somebody get me a doctor. Ooh, ooh!
Turn me up real loud
Oh, what a fool believes
Me why
I'm a slave to all my desires
Move it slowly
Alright!
Needed a girl but I was just too lazy
Ah-ah. Summer nights Well let's talk about love
Humans Being!
But none better
It's just the calm before the storm
This is the right time,
They told me it was Chairman Mao-oh
You're facing the wrong lane
As in "must 
Ow! It's a rip-off
You a sugar mamma
All dressed up in your mother's clothes
Sure could be a mighty long time
Top Jimmy
Knows how the system can be beat
Had me all worked up inside
Take me
Enough with the inner city
I can jump, be the sacrifice
Really ain't got nobody, sad and lonesome
Standin' on top of the world
Ooh I, Ooh I need, got to have that love
No, I don't wana hear what love can do
That's the trouble with never
Tat look in her eyes
I can't wait, to feel your lovin' tonight, ah yeah!
I'll get hung up on the line. Hey!
And get a little breakfast
So now you got a good reason
'Fore I can even make it through the night
Yeah, but you just gorra 
Put it off Oh! Whoa yeah! On Judgement Day, hey!
late night still life,
Well, my telephone is ringin'
When it comes to trouble bustin'
the week
There goes my beeper
All you bad, bad boys
Cops and robers
Well how can I believe?
It's really just the way we sing it sing it
It's been a long time, overtime
Girl Ooooh. Oh! Oh! Yeah!
Ain't got nobody, waitin' at home
All about your disease
No more growing codependent over you
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out. Yeah
Come see your 
Love it when he rolls his eyes!
It's got what it takes
Like pouring salt on an 
Anybody in their right mind could see, it's you and me
Say it like ya mean it!
I'm on fire, woo!
Well, I'm sick an' tired of cleanin' room. Oh!
When love'll come or go
In your chat room
Yeah, I heard the shotgun
and all we found was his hat in a clearing
Myself and my family aside if we happen to be left half alive I'll get all my
They gotcha comin' in, they gotcha goin' out
No good, no good, no good Ah-hah!
One god, one country
She took her clothes off
Oooh I wanna crash on the beach
So tell the folks at home
Ev'ryone sing a little bit, ah!
Are you 
I can't wait to feel your lovin' tonight. Aw yeah!
At an early age he hits the street
And there's nothin' you can't handle.
Sometimes a straight line
record
Got a bad lil' woman gon' bite yo' ass
Go see baby now!
Now don't be too slow
It makes me blue
Stakes have never been higher
You must come back to me
On her daddy's boat and shot accross the lake
I'm gonna be your dark stranger
Wearin' out my welcome, 
Touchdown miami
Now they all call him Sweet Papa Willy Dear
They finally tore the old schoolhouse down
I know what you're thinkin'
Now you're workin' for the man. Yeah
Right behind in the rearview mirror now
Now I'm saved, by a higher voice
And if you're wondering where our homeboy is 'bout now
Tomorrow morning
So good
Hero's aren't born, they're cornered
Come on an' take the time
To hear your voice again
Baby, baby, wha-ha-ha! Still love
All these 
Loop-de-loop
Ow! Uh-Oh! Whoa yeah!
What you're thinkin' is easy to see
Than anyone
Oh, please can you shine some light?
Like i do mine
Mike! Mike! What was that shit you gave me last night?
The thumbprint of a greater being
One, two three, four
'Cuz it's a rip-off
We'll do it til we're black and blue
Whoa! Oh!
And spinning and turning
Clean-cut classy gal
Easier to push instead of pull
That funny feelin' again windin'
Hey-hey-hey! Oh!
Looks more like a warning than an example
Yeah, my freezer's just hummin'
Daddy's little sweety after some damn rainbow
'N baby you've got somethin'
, available, available, I am free, I am.
I'm on fire Wooooooo!
Mmm, mmm-hmm
When the resurrection comes,
Oooh Make love in the sea
Her feet are makin' tracks in the winter snows
It said "Open my eyes. Leave it all behind."
'Cuz that's one thing I learned from these guys, I must confess
You got! You got! You got! You got!
An' they told me it was Chairman Mao
So I'm helping her find an apartment
And then you're down
'Cuz you can't get this stuff no more-ah!
Unimpressed a great degree
I don't care 'bout the way that you're treatin' me
Through the ice into the fire
Ooh-ooh, when it's love
Nearly broken in two
Man, that band can really go.
Said If you're doin' business with me, honey...
Cuz you can't Ahh-ahh-ahh get this stuff no more
I'm only wastin' time, I think I better go
Beats workin'
Jump little texas in the mix
Well, here goes one more drop in the bucket!
You broke every heart
Down, down, down, down, down, down
Woo-hoo-oo! Runnin' with the devil
Don't pretend that its not fun
They knock me out when I'm down there
Maybe you're standing still
Fools, I live with fools. Wow!
For a little while
Yeah, baby. How to say...Well lemme tell ya about this one time
I feel good So good So good, so good
Ooh. Ah. It goes like this
And I told her one night, "Honey every time we fight
Lookin' for a direction
And the dreams in between
Ow! Yeah!
Well I tried to be good,
Standin' there Ahh-ahh
I never really knew
I've been reading what the bloggers say
They say, "Ya coulda least faked it, boy"
Ooooooo-oh!
And now we're wastin' time Now we're wastin' time
Hang up the phone
Oh! Ooh, yes I'm hot
Got me a 
Just enough for you
Press against your lips, taste the sweetness
And pray we don't get fooled again don't get fooled again no, no!
Adlib walkie-talkie banter
 as loud as war
Mihgt be more...
Broken now, I can't help but feel
Waitin' for love to rescue me
Come on Dave, gimme a 
Once it's decided, a line drawn in the sand
Eighty acres of one stop shopping
A million ways to make love
Remember dancing on the pier last night?
I'm gonna do it all in one big pot Big pot
Whoo-whee! You'll get some leg tonight for sure!
Honney for the life of me
SShha!
Fuck man!
Filled me up inside or felt like mine
Life is hard, never soft
Now that they've seen it
You got ta' throw it down and roll it over once, maybe twice
, how many, say I
I'm normally insolvent
Swim a lil faster, mama
And I'm bleedin', like no one else will ever know
Rivera couch that is...
For the distance between us
Put berries on bananas I need a second helping
Come on, take me down, down, down, down
Class dismissed!
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out
Some friends of mine, just the other night
To feel
Dancin' in the streets
What your image means
Love 'em all I says
Suppose you wait forever
Puttin' the flames out
Woo! Come here, baby. Come here. Woo!
Says he's hittin' bottom
Come here you
Yeah, can you talk the talk, baby?
Temporarily pacified!
I been sitting here 'bout half the night, ah
The future's looking brigher
Tell me what you gonna do
Some o' that big money. Oh yeah
Vocal ad lib until fade
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Woo! All right. Ow!
Get it higher
the back
Wanna be
There's a richer man
Ow! Her movies get down like you won't find in my hometown
 landlord
How long
Sad and lonesome all the time
Little texas
And I know you're in love Oh, women in love
What do you think the teacher's gonna 
On every wall and place my fearsome name is hung
Woo! Woo!
Growin' up rusty shack,
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Woo! Oh!
To feel your touch
Hot pants, mm.. nasty.
No distractions. Uh!
Cause this lucky penny is gonna land heads up
Don't like the middle squeezin' me
Told them to tell you honey just how fine you are, yes
Ahhh yeah!
Catch that smile and I hit the roof
And I'm drivin' in my '57 dream
No candidate would I support
Acrobatic
bedroom
Well, guess who's back in circulation?
I will not be denied
Where the folks who know about frostiness,
Gonna bite your little butt
In the groove, on the go, you know. Ah yeah
Baby, just come on, come on, come on
button
See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy, yes
Honey! I'm the one, the one you love
Well, I ain't about to go to school
Shots as clean as a mean goal-getter
I don't need the back door 
And it's not my point of view
Thought I had it made
Lemme see you walk the walk!
It ain't goin' away, no
Lemme see ya do it one time...
children
Round and around
No way
Keep that in mind, when we say goodbye
Don't wanna talk about love
Oh, no
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now
Blackman, he lookin' for justice
 Ahh-hah! Yeah!
Ooh, how does it feel when it' love?
There's a fire in the hole hey hey hey hey hey
Replaced, by-the-bye and the parting on the left are now parting on the right
It's a world of fools
Four days from now
Homegrown, homegrown, down-home
Somebody get me a doctor. Oh, yeah!
Familiar faces, familiar sights
Ha-oh, ah-uh-oh
Woo! Where'd you get that shit?
and make it bump and grind.
You'll have the blues not me
two, three
I know what you need Ooh!
Cool upon the silent sea
I can drop below zero any moment, baby
Hey baby, woo! Make it nice 'n sweet. Ooh!
Yes it is
Beep bop belula bitty bop shoo wow!
I d- I d-don't wanna talk to him now, no
Bum-ba-deeda-bum-ba-deeda bum-ba-deeda bum-ba-deeda 
Let's have some funzo
Too bad and I can't help you
Leave it all behind
Hey hey hey! Uh!
Special Little somethin'? Mmm
takin' care of the music biz
, ha-ha-ha Understand
And bringin' down the walls
Good lookin' here I go
Oooh ooh ooh Baby I ain't through with you
I sell protection for a price
Communication 
n' that's as it should be
Or even suspect it
So take me down to the virgin spring
In your time of need
Ooh yeah! Ow-ow!
Come on, let me take you down
Big train maybe you're standing still
You lay your sanity on the line
But I 
And he ain!t talkin'
Reaching out, reaching out
It's a burn, or an opportunity
You're not that kind of girl
"Cause she's good enough, good enough ta huh!
I can't get enough, I can't get enough
Guitar Solo
Lookit here man. You got any specials here tonight
What's that? What? Rack a what?
Well, I'll have some of that!
Me and the fellas might be interested in?
Hey waitress!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo!
Yeah! But I ain't no fool, and honey I know a good thing
Uh, come on, come on, come on, come on
Cause she's
I'll be the first to say, that I'm blind to 
Good thing
And she's comin' now she's-a comin'
the world
Just can't see
Blind to the world
'Cause I'm two days gone, and I just can't see
She's good enough!
Good enough!
Good, good, good
Good enough to fl-owwwwww!
An' I can't recall any love at all
Oh, tell me where to begin
Felt so much. Hey!
Oh baby, this blows 'em all away
'Cause I never ever
Hey, I don't know
That funny feelin' again windin'
Whoa, here it comes
Me up inside
Every time we touch
Can't this be love?
Me why
It's got what it takes
 oh tell
So tell me why can't this be love?
Straight from my 
I'll get hung up on the line. Hey!
Be damned if
I tell myself,
Time will tell
If we stand 
the test
 of time
Hey! Only fools rush in"" an' only"
Ah-ah Ah, hot summer nights, that's my time of the year-ow!
Are you lonely just like me?
What'ya done?
disease
I'm pointing at an "A&P"
That cowgirl shirt she wore contained a lot of fallout
Talkin' dirty, dressin' clean, dancin' nasty by the record machine
Face in the sun.
Nobody, nobody, nobody
Ha-oh, ah-ah-ah
Out of love! Outta love Again
I got puddin' pie, 
Oh! I ain't goin' around sayin' things about you
Bear the cross just like Jesus Christ
And I think I like
Feels like something's getting right
 doin' that ol', the Cabo Wabo, hah!
Oh man, I think the clock is slow
Now you are solar powered
And this corner is where we write the story
Now gimme, gimme, gimme Big money some o' that big money Money. Woo!
Oh! Oh! Come on and show me!
All my big 
Oh You make conversation, but she's listening to your cash
And now your 
 goes on
Baby make it bigger
knives
Yeah, don't look at me baby
Baby, open up this door before I freeze.
Lord, what I'm seein'
We'd have heaven right here on earth. Woo!
That's how it goes...
It's not enough to fill me up
Yeah, if this love has got you down
Big Bad Bill don't fight anymore No, no, no
Ooh, well a sayin' that you're leavin'
 Make it work
I've fallen deep into
And I'm feeling my way
 times does somebody lie
Don't waste time
Yeah, it's up to me
Yes, mmm better take my chances
Got to make this romance last that's it, that's it
Preoccupied purely with the physical
Josephina, there's so much I want to know
Where's it gonna come from? Who's it gonna go to?
beginnings
Don't say, don't say, don't say...
That it's something I can't fight
We're stepped on and cheated
Hahhhhh
She ain't about to give an inch of ground, no!
Superman, he looking for Lois
You better call up the ambulance I'm, deep in 
When heavy is the weight of the world
Touched on that feelin' for an 
With no distraction Ooooo
1-900-SPANKED! You bad bad bad boys. Just call her up
It's something I can't fight
when I'm back on top in the month of June.
Pumpin' up for 
We came... we came... we came through blood and fire
There'll be a two drink minimum.
My girl's fluorescent
Little girl from Cherry Lawn
And I think I like, like a hound dog, chasin' a bird
1-900-SPANKED! All you bad, bad boys
Loss of control
Got to have it. Ow!
The sword or the pen
Movin' up and down She choked the chain
Grease it up and turn on the heat
But honey, if you're needin' a woman just as bad as me
Yes I did
, and she knows
But just 
Ooh-yeah!
Uh! Uh! Uh!
Downtown after hours
Nobody cares for me, nobody, nobody cares for me
When was the last time baby?
Forked tongue in double speak
Ooh, got some real fine pound...poundcake. Ah
I heard the news baby
And I'm coming to from all points in between
Now I walk like someone else, hey!
You've turned into someone else.
Like when the car don't start
You can change your mind
Turn it back
You know I'm up for breakfast so early in the morning
You don't want that sugar daddy
And I, I'm tired o' hearin' what love can do
Miles and miles and miles and miles
I have a blacklight
She's 
Turned here an' gone, from on the go
are you an engineer?
Uh! Get up Get up make it work Make it work
I'm under your spell
This is Yes-ah home, the only one I know
When she walks, 
And you don't know what that means
Wow! She's good enough
In my cleanest dirty jeans
My "West Coast Host"
I forgot...,
I look back and I wonder
This house of pain
William
Get-get-get-get-get out and push
Spinning up my 
And your photo goes on the car wash wall
For what it was worth
This dream is over, over Dream another dream
So don't you try to put no m-m-m-m-m-m-mojo
Look at this black book, it's loaded with 
Right behind in the rearview 
Callin' out, around the world
Ooh, we're comin' out tonight
Come on baby, finish what ya started
Nobody, nobody, no one, no one
Yeah the joint be jumpin'
I'm tired of livin' up to what people expect me to be
Ooo, an' I'm sick an' tired of Golden Rules, ah!
Never wait. Never wait. Never wait.
Like a tongue on fire, no one can tame
Say it!
What I'm seein'
Outta love Whoa-wow! Once again
down by the Seven Eleven.
What's your name, honey? What's your--hey! Hey, where ya goin'?
Yeah
 it harder
Can't this be love?
I am the reason
Wired! naturally wired, oh
Ooh yeah! This woman in love. In love. In love, ooh yeah!
Big double take, but ya keep on walkin', uh!
Keepin' me temporarily satisfied
And he don't come home for half 
One you might have missed.
Guns and guitars
Oh my God!
For dancin' in the 
Okay, ya ready to go?
I'll send the 
Everybody's lookin' for somethin'
smooch
I got no love, no love you'd call real
Available, available, available, I am free, I am.
You don't need no tricks
A luckyman don't always know who they are
brand new
cracked
Fake it, boy Ooh, stranger, boy
Rock on. Rock on. Oh, oh, oh
Rollin'.
Your love starts fallin' down
The grass is never greener an' there plenty around
Let's get the party started
To love somebody equally
The point i'm trying to make
In Mother Earth's soul, not yet
We do the hell out of it-
I'm a lucid vision
Yes I did, baby
Movin' up and down Can't get away
He's doin the dishes an' moppin' up that floor Yes he is
Yeah, tell the truth now
Got me all fired up
Senorita Don't you know that you can dance with me, anytime?
Got me a date with a supermodel. Ha ha ha
I just wanna sink my teeth in that
Just Ahh-ahh-ahh sing a song and think 'bout 
Woo! Sucker in a 3 piece
I don't care, I don't care.
Yes the cradle, cradle will rock
Then love can pick you right back up
Whoo! Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah
 that's where I'll be
If you want love if you want peace,
Not a peep from your little kids
skills
There was a mischievous look, behind that smile?
Can't help it that's the kind of guy I am
Yeah, can you shine the light?
It all goes clear
Can you shine the light?
And I lay awake
Don't pretend that its your first time
Well, I was first one to get in
I'm livin' with the aftershock
An' we were sittin' ducks for the police man
The life I'm livin' ain't mine
Now no one's talking 'bout those crazy days gone by
I know, I know I figured "Fuck it"
Yeah. You mean, you mean my wife's closet
There's a full moon out tonight. Baby, let's begin
How 'bout a 9 on a 10 scale
Put it off, until Judgement Day
Oh, yeah! Ya-yeah!
You know Ooo-ooo-ooo my heart is true, oh-oh!
The sword or the pen can be
Will I still be lovin' you? Uh!
Nobody rules these streets at night but me
The same and history ain't changed 'cause the banners, they are flown in the
and this one will do just fine.
Put that butter on my biscuit honey to my melons
 with you
In the heat of the summer
Beggin' you baby, beggin' on my bended knees On my knees
I've been through hell and back again
I wanna be your knight
All seven senses tryin' to deliver
I don't wanna hear about it later I do what I want to
Blind man follows
Land's End, you'd have to see it
Josephina, would you lay down your defenses?
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah!
I was feelin' next to awesome
But uh, ah she just lookin' good
Said, "Don't make me say this twice:
Show your
Love! Love is the source of infection
Ah, she sure got my attention
 too long and I can't help you
 the tune
But it remains to be seen
Doing the rounds
Well, right now I think it's time
Right On! We'll let it shine! Get Up!
Tell me what is wrong
A bitter pill, and an overcast
That's how we do biz
Could it ever be too much?
Tried a little bit of everything
On, Judgement Day
It's alive
Full of party girls with damaged lives
Yeah I'm the same old number
he said, "You're messin' with the mayor's 
Little bit o' luck never hurt no one
All your dreams are strange
first name
We're in deep, deep water, 'less I missed my mark
I'm more that just a victim
Woo, woo!
Conductor don't like it, says, "You're wastin' your time"
Big train gets movin'
And this world can disagree
Uh uh uh uh uh
Does it return the favour?
Yeah, Josephina!
Can't help myself
Light up the sky
Woo! Ah pretty maids all in a row
Cuz we've got perfect timing
Candyman, yeah the candyman can
Never gonna change
Screaming electric green
But one night's all we're given
She's walking back to me
I admit it's true
beginners
Watch me know, watch me know
Ooh, woman and a woman, now the silly games you play, yeah
Just kill the pain or numb my brain
Only adventures i regret
Never for all with you
It seems like forty days and forty nights
Oh, you 
Has somewhat changed the place
An' it feels so nice So nice Woo!
Ow! Ow!
He told me so
I'm called: Thug Pop. Thug Pop.
Oh baby, baby, baby don't give up,
All over 
You break this, I'll break all that
Baby I'm checkin' out, I think you oughta know, yeah
Who's that unexpected company?
Oh baby, I'll be there. Yeah!
Yeah we could come together
I got more than I wanted, but how is still a mystery
It's hard to tell, when innocence comes and goes
Don't let this get around to the outside
We can push with all our might, but nothin's gonna come
Oh you 
Whoa baby please, Yeah I can't take it anymore. Whoa!
 it up to you big time!
Reach up to the feet of God
A lot of folks been blown away
She had her toes in the sand and whoa! Ha, ha
Ain't talkin' 'bout love
He travels light, without a 
I'm on fire
Land's edge,
Me, I can't get enough, I can't get enough
Badness bringing up the rear, the menace is loose again
500 horses and a chrysler mill
It's not so easy to find, no
Ow! Smoke this, eat that, my old lady's gettin' fat
My baby ran off with my best friend
They gotcha goin' in. They gotcha comin' out
Been up, down, I know one thing:
Almost ended up blind Some only see what they wanna see
Gold tooth reflecting.
Once whoa, really touched?
Gotta get lucky, gotta get that done
Oh, baby come back
You say that love has got you down
That rat race licked
Hello!
Round and round Ohhhhh!
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! meet the new boss same as the old boss
We drink Mescal right from the bottle
Wooo-oooo-oooo
 her bags and leave
Suddenly I walked you home
Oooh Fits paradise to a T. Woo!
Ahhhhhhhhh!
How about a great big slice for me
Hey were's your get up and go?
Yeah, Yeah!
It's all I need
Get her out of my mind
So when I go to the movies
Ahh! Runnin' with the devil Ahh-hah! Yeah!
No, I can't recall any thing at all
Big, big money!
Ever gonna give me back
Gonna drive on in
Cuz satisfyin' you is the thing that gets me off
But she will never stay
How ya gonna tell me
It's the hardest thing, oh Lord
Now I'm the last one out
the game
Hey man, there was a line behind me
Just enough for you...
Ow! Woo! Oh!
Look what that does to me
And they take me places
I like to 
Undress, stay awhile.
Ow! Get up and make it work Make it work
And all those rock `n' rollers
Too close to mommy
If there's a tear in your eye,
They're on the internet
She gets along Let alone She's premium
It's not so easy to find, no, no
And if you wanna take a chance and go down crazy
I'm singin', I'm dancin', most every night
Got no love, no love you'd call real
Right here and now
Humans Being That's what makes us
Think I got it now
Ah, there's still some fight in me
I thought I saw you from a distance
Whoa! Got it bad,
Slip flop slippin up...got me dripping
I didn't know about this school
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-be doo-be doo-whum
It's so hard when love is blind.
Ah I've learned my 
Whoa, yeah
The babysitter and me got biz
But I don't have glasses
Slow to forgive, when you're holding a grudge
There were just the gigolos
Keep your eyes wide open, babe
Stone me like nothin' else can Yeah yeah yeah
'Cause I never ever
Who Ooh-ooh cares about the clouds when we're together
I dig both and I don't care which
She can't then nothin' else can
Of the 
Ah, can't ya see me standin' here
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Some days you're the hydrant
The closest to a cow she'd been was eating at McDonald's
Black and blue
On top of the world, oh yeah
Oh, woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo!
When I blow this tomb with a view, yeah, all right
Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble
You're lying to yourself
You ain't too civilized, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Go back, Hell no!
And I ain't afraid to use it now!
Oh, look out!
But she don't like the way I dress
Now, I'm broken down and dirty, dressed in rags
Position's always been a little left of cynical
Are at a triple feature
And John Paul's all bullet proof
Down at the starting line
Still cookin' with that old time, long lost recipe
 with a wink-a your eye
 the place,
Protected the turf without obstructing the view
Ain't as funny as it may seem,
So, here's two rules
Now look at all of the people here tonight...
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
I just d-do-don't wanna take no calls-uh
 for keeps down here, they're the living dead
I got my back against the 
Ahh, the crazy things we used to do
Dinner at the 
To feel you
contact
1-800-SEE YA...
Yeah. Come on
Well, call me 40 Below
Always keep her by my side
Oh Looks just like an angel, but he just talkin' trash
With the "when ya comin' bcack?"
Hey! Oh, me, I been working up an appetite
Fire in the hole hey hey hey hey hey
Talk about meanwhile
Gotta stoop to conquer me
Get it back
Like a hound dog chasing a bird
Oh, oh! Got the big deal in the back of a limo, uh hey
meanest blues around
Can you beliee that was you?
A little luck and attitude
And now a message 'bout the ozone layer
Chant it like a mantra...
Try it twice, ya gotta love it!
Uh, just to try to make herself feel better
To my master I become a slave
or a passanger,
Best believe that need will hurt you
Ah too, too far
We're in for a very long night
I'll protect you baby with my elephant gun
I got everything you wanted
Good, God y'all
Kickin' down, but where to start
I'm a-beggin' a-you
Lick up one side an' down the other
Black and blue Got ta, got ta, got ta 
Ah-ah. Summer nights You wanna talk about love?
We can't throw this all away
Wait a second, man
It's not work that makes it work, oh
Oh, women in love
An' I know I've had enough
Destiny's a complicated thing
Poorman, he just want a little
'Cause you and your blues
Are you alright?
Ahh Never bad enough to crucify me
Woman get crazy, if she can't go
Sure gave me a mighty long time
Help me find that miracle
I ain't complainin', you do the best with what you got.
I don't need so much to remember
Well, I'm a bum in the sun and I'm havin' fun
Was worth exploring
But you can try me at home, if it feels all right
I'm a skyscraper
Listen to a beer glass
Top Jimmy cooks!
Talk to Me!
Still like the air, in a whitewash tomb
And now I know it's time
No calls baby
Well, pump it up, pump it up
The salty days are hers and mine
Felt so much. Hey!
Wow, Go- Go- Here we go-
Babe, I'm alone and, I'm on the highway
No light at the end of the tunnel
Boldly going nowhere
Fever starts to climb, reaching 105
Oh oh oh oh Oh, when it's love
I'm a peek-a-boy, looking at girls
Nmmmmmm dip dip Mmmmnnnnmm
And bad girl boxers
Wanna see my ID? Try to 
'Til a brown-skinned woman's bobbed his hair
An' she gives me a 
String Solo
dreams
If I were you, if you were me
An' it's the final bell for pushing broom. Oh-oh!
My intentions are bad
Bright lights, Old Fights
Pretty smile
Now wouldn't it be a real drag if we were all the same?
That's human way
Explosions way uptown
Just to love you
Yes I tried the telefhone
She said she's tired of watchin' me fall down He-he-he-yuh!
Ah yeah, beautiful girl
You're not a stranger
Feelin', what no one else will ever know
or do you make it up as you go?
I tell myself,
It was...
We came here to entertain you
Yeah, my telephone is ringin'
If i produce it
Is this just a little something
 I'll go on home, it's late
There'll be dancin', dancin' in the street
I never see them, but they're always so far back, oh
You Ahh-ahh-ahh serve up the truth, don't want it anymore
Ah my my my
Oh no, nothin's gonna change
Give in and learn it from the aftershock
But I feel that way all the time
The West coast has the sunshine
Big train and you're wonderin' if you ever will
I know that everything in America
Oh, we're the lost generation
I like the little way the line runs up the back of the stockings
Blind inspiration
Let's not stop soon
I'm miles and miles from nowhere
If you want love give to live
My train your station
Let me take you down
And I'm comin' to you from All points in between
She don't like it when it's cut n' dry
A night for romance
Got a different kind of truth
Outside, Out of line!
Dancin' in the street
Stick your face in the artic blast
I'll bear the bear the cross cross
And all that you've lost, it's not all that you've gained. no
I found the real thing is poundcake
I came into this thing with an open mind
This ain't no party, this ain't no show
So suit up for the game!
Yeah, the wetter the better
Found that girl with a lonesome john
Third rail can't stand it
That I'm absolutely certain both's all right
Ah, ha!
Yeah, ya stand in line ya got lost in a jet 
I am a victim of the science age
Looked like a long lost friend
How many times have you said to yourself,
Yes I have
Hidden inside
 a mind blow!
Well your famous last words
Out the back door
 thru me
occasion
Or couldn't keep quiet, when she needed a hug
Something, I'd never imply
Searching for their slice of heaven
I pay for three
Rooms without doors open for me. Oh, no!
Talkin' about good times
Got some cream on my bananas need a second helping
Yeah, the 
Oh my, my, I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by
You can change your friends, your place in life
An' I said "Could this turn tragic? You know that magic often does"
Oooh So Cabo Wabo
Whiteman, tryin' to get a tan
I'm here standing still
Mmm, so if you want it, got to bleed for it baby
That you weren't meant for me.... ohhhhh
If I had it all to do
Now her name is up in lights
I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna I ain't gonna
Bop ba da, shoo-be doo-wah Whoo!
Asthe saying goes
Can't keep a good man down
Ha! Ah! Yeah
If the cards are on the table
Ahhhhh...
Something reached out and touched me
An' yo' booty's froze
Seems no one's talking 'bout those crazy days gone past
Have you seen her? So fine and pretty
Lost in this pleasure dome
So you think that i got no respect
All I know
Her attitude
 with our children at our feet and the morals
'N winds up tired with who he meets
 up. Come on give me six on the half-shell
You can always tell the winners
It's a just about time
, I'll pay ya for it, what the fuck?
Straight on up to her lunch pail
Ow-ah, anything you want, any dirty deeds
Woman, just wanna fly in first class
Oh oh! A "so what?" scene, but to me it don't matter
Oh baby, 
Stand up and say "Hey! This is mine!"
Ooh Now who ya gonna call when you need that special
Yesterday
Faucet pouring, fresh 'n' bitter
 this place
Come see your children, yeah
Everybody wants some!
I get up, and nothin' gets me down
I hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight
 will set you free
A chance for the folks to meet
 into place. No!
The only one I want want
Oooh ow!
It's always been there
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, bay-yeah!
Whoa-oh Ah Come on g-girl, dance the night away
Oh! Ooh baby, take your whiskey home, yeah!
'Til we meet again some other day
I shook hands with the devil
But I'm only flesh and blood
Tastes as sweet as soda pop
We're not defeated. No!
Stop stop
You know it's more than just an 
To love somebody tenderly
To love somebody hopelessly It hurts so much
To everyone who reads
doin' the Cabo Wabo, ow!
Uh doin' all you can to make me sad n' blue, wow!
Woo-hoo! Take a look at this!
You better call me a doctor, feelin' no pain
shoo-be doo-be doo-be do-whum
Cross the burger shop floor
Everyone's looking for something
Yes, it's love in the third degree
Got a hold on me
Slide behind the wheel
Ah- I ain't gonna' tow the line
pins and needles
I think of all the education that I've missed
, to satisfy-uh
Stamp my feet
We're just Humans That's what makes us
said I'm easy
She knew he'd forget her
Tattoo-tattoo
Say what?
Lost, in my own pleasure dome
Ooooo-oh!
Now I'm hangin' ten now baby
Meet you half the way
Tell me why, oh Lord, you're crossing over
Where silence speaks as loud as war
Ah, yeah
Stop dreamin' and start drivin', Stevie
the answer
After the avalanche
So, this is love? Well she finally kissed me
Na na na-ah na na repeat to end
Gimme big fat money
Ooooh yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
I have your 
In need of gentle care
Uh! An', and I got somethin'
Big train or is the train doin sixty, baby
How many say I, how many say I
He just a sucker Sucker
I'm laying naked with ya
I see it rolling off of you
Fatman, he's ordering seconds
When I'm startin' off with nothin'
Ain't nothin' like it
Hello baby! Hah!
Oh man, I ain't got a clue 
No one can look as good as you
Oh yeah, hey. What they, where he'd get that clothes?
I'm on fire Woo! Woo!
You turn and swear Ahh-ahh-ahh it's everywhere
Me up inside
Does not the bit, bridle the horse
Honey baby Hampton's bitch
Ooh! I like it
Like the dawn of a 
Ooh, mama, see the firelights
Well, I can tell you a few 
Ah, lazy eyes in the summer heat
uh! Oh-ow!
It means everything
I only wanna be by your side
Famous last words
Don't their business take good care of me?
Wide open spaces
Yeah, he won't let you pass
I've known fast livin' and I know wine, women
Says, "Girl you lost your mind?
Now quickly, check the hands on the clock
A man on a mission, up ahead
I got no distractions
It makes you laugh
Place come to life every night, nooo!
Whole lotta Shakespeare going on and on and on
Oh, sleep and dream; that's all I crave
Love! Love is the 
Musta lied 'cause I ain't leavin'
We outta space
Gimme truth, gimme somethin' real
Please, don't ever let me be
I said, that's life. That's Life
A little Zen
Oh, crossing over....
No matter what they say, I, ha, disagree
Wha-oh-a-wha-oh-wha-oh
 for me. Woo!
The one with the showroom shine
It said "Open your eyes. Leave it all behind."
When you're reachin' for stars
Daddy's good, good little girl
We'll be having good times
Baby's b-b-burnin'
Learn to dance
1-800-GUITAR
But I know Joe didn't go to heaven, no.
I got for you
Face down in Cabo, kissin' the ground
They're lighting up the skies
If I cannot hear you from afar
So honey Ahh leave me alone, or I may be stayin' the night
You know that you want it oh, oh oh
Drown my faith in Trinity, yeah
reunion
But everybody wants some!
What's it gonna take to liberate?
Woo-hoo! Take a 
Panama, Panama. Wow!
Honey baby sweetie doll
Uh uh uhuh yeah. In n' out
practice
Philadelphia, PA Dancin' in the street
Oh, little darlin', now come on
She's mine and, ain't lettin' go
Danger in the rearview 
Show your love
I'm always extreme
 get their kicks
No, I, I, I can't say when your time is through
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
And I love to feel her Each and every night
Never time to do it right
And i can't sing
Oh! Have you ever been touched?
You can hear the sea.
Ain't going to Heaven anytime soon
 o' anything
I'm a man on a mission
Aw, ha!
Well I'm a lovin' the horn baby
Throw my rope
I just 
They're in the pasture
Only to surrender
You gotta give, give more than you take
Every time we touch
Are we gonna be late
Might cost you less to stick around
I feel good, woo! So good
A fella never can tell
And I was up there frequently
Yeah! With more time to kill
Oh, why draw the line?
Hey, you got a point there This is fat!
I don't talk in front of the kids
Risin' from 
Gibe 'em hell tonight
Dead or alive, uh-aah!
Cause I get a lot of practice
And then you sense a change
I've had it with you and your blues
by the masses
We'll see the light
I suggest you 
Just as long as she drive me home
Or I don't want one at all
Baby don't you worry, you ain't gotta play no fool
Talk to me babe
in air conditioning
Runnin' with the devil Woo!
No it ain't baby, no it ain't!
Yeah dreams come true
Everybody!
breeze
They do it everyday now
Let `em roll one more time
That's all I ever need. Uh-huh
It's always been there, standin' there
Love hurts you sometimes
A little bit o' heaven right here on earth, oh
Ooh, baby baby
 come true
How many times does somebody lie
I could sock it to ya non-stop, baby
Like i do mine-
Me from singing a blue streak, no
Pencil weenie in elephant clothes
I like to take each step, one by one
Into the starry night
Outta touch most the time
She wore a whole lot of not enough
You can't get romantic on a subway line
Got me a long night ahead
That's what's on my mind
Keep the motor runnin'
Yes, I'm sorry babe
Oh man, I ain't got a clue how to get out
Uh no, no, no
Level with me Baby!
How this younger generation swings
We can change the things we say, and do any time
He drove a pickup and wore no underwear
They found a dirty-faced kid in a garbage can
Wow! Dealin' with your troubles drove me away-eyay yeah
Say you're gonna leave me
Ah, yeah!
Shiftless and the crazy
Whoa! I ain't lyin' to ya
 I better save my breath. Wow!
They try an' drum him outta town
And that freezin' snow is gettin' old, hey!
Hey, watch the left, watch the right
A-stripping and stumbling across a land full of miracles
As are the stars, I only have you
Adlib jungle sounds
Down to Cabo, woo!
Those colors fading to grey
Well, there's a 
A slice at a time Wha-oh yeah!
And... BOOM!
Got an on-ramp comin' through my bedroom
Won't-cha turn your head my way?
Is the front of an oncoming train.
Ooo, puttin' the flames out!
Please don't nail me baby
Oh the drums 
Trouble busting through
Oh, well ah, said you were leavin'
, but it's all the same
And you keep tryin' Buddy you keep tryin'
Baby like it or not
See; the meek shall inherit shit.
 in an empty room
It's looking like the city towed
Now come on baby, make me feel good
Stand up, stan up
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
When it come to lovin'
You break my balls with all your crap
That train be rollin' not me, I'm going before wine and
It's all about...
Ah, fill me up, I'm never satisfied
N' pray for the mercy of the sea Oooh ooh ooh
Cause these are good times
Kickin' back, ain't kickin' you, no no!
Well just spread your wings
Ain't even worh a song
What's there to do tonight? Anything?
And I'll tell you what I'm getting rid of next
I got no taste
Gimme some o' that, gimme some o' that
Chew before swallowing pride
All the way, they got you down
Standin' on broken dreams
You just believe a little
To hear what the preacher said.
I roll like the ocean
Man, I don't see no problem
And it smells so bad
Give me liberty or give me death
Stone cold sugar daddy
Baby, you're no good Ow!
It's about time we lay it out there on the line
He comes from nowhere an' he turns on his own
You know we do
An empty hand reaching out for someone
In brand new alligator shoes
That's right!
The pendulum will swing, swing into power
And now when I go drivin' by
Touched love?
Yes I'm livin' at a pace that kills
I do a lot of thinkin', some I shouldn't think about
Oh, miles and miles. Oh, yeah!
Since you went away
Indeedido
Reaching out
Some desert island off Morocco
Inside of me
Integrity and self-respect?
Woo! Now come on, now come on So nice
That's right, go ahead, suck it all up Right down to the last drop
In a 3 piece
With just one wish ya can't refuse
Straight up we'll climb
, without love
But I'm high on luck
laughter
I think I'm gonna 
Said a lie to me
Aww right!
Guess that makes me three.
Yeah, but it takes me at least halfway to the label
If we could have the best of both worlds
got lucky in a cheap 
Please
It's gonna heal you
Let's them play in the moment
When it's love, baby
Lookin' for love at the back of a taxi,
I ain't fooled
Spend my money
Oooh ooh ooh Black and blue, ow!
Cause I'm gonna make it
James Dean and Hermie Fox!
Doncha wanna go?
Save all the tears you've cried
I just slide ooh slide on by ooh-ooh
It's gettin' late I don't know `Bout 3 a.m.
Oooh-oooh Yeah. Little dreamer
Ah-ah Well that's all we need, baby. Don'tcha know? Summer nights
I'll write a verse to this song"
At night I walk this stinkin' 
Every inch of you looks like a lady
The only one I want the one I want
Oh, I don't! Wanna. I made my due, look at me
Hey yeah!
And if I must, well in, God I trust
Ain't no way I'm sittin' home tonight
Well, they say it's kinda frightnin'
beginner
You never really know
I'll meet you down at Ooh-ooh the ole fishin' hole
Well I gave her seven 
Stay frosty.
Unless your love is tried and true
Well, my telephone is ringin', they told me
A stone bald head Sucker
Dancin' in the street, oh!
Alittle taste I can't stop
This is Yes-ah home, only one I know
Around the world, searchin' every corner
 upon his head
Well, I been workin' since a ten of nine
"Don't tell me that you love me
And she loves you when you're leavin'
Falls on deaf ears
And she'll leave you if you stay
She says...
King for a million years
You'll hate me for hearning it
And the tides rise and a distant sigh
Her vision makes you every inch a king
When I drift away."
You ain't going nowhere tonight.
Show me your 
Well I'm a Bullethead
 in a 
Same ol' pickup lines Same ol' pick up lines
And it's a shame to see
Drop dead legs
On the stage, off my strings, down my face
Oh, wow, man, I said
Now say it isn't so, baby
I said, "My, my, my"
All this and more you see
If ya wanna be with me
Click my heels
I'll just, I'll just love you
After making love
Of all of these my favourite things...
Ahhah!
, when you just don't know
Holdin' back, yeah I got control
Sppirits risin
Oh, we'll get higher and higher
Let's do this bottle right!
Yeah, we're runnin' a little bit hot tonight
You're a horrible, horrible girl...
Wha-oh! Ahh-ahh-ahh Can't get that stuff no more!
Well, ain't life grand when ya finally hit it?
Huh! She want a sucker Sucker
And a buck is all you earn
Is this just a passing fancy
Here's 100 beans a minute where the back says.
Don't let this get around, to the outside
 times we've tried
Ow! Get up and 
Come on, pay the 
Walk me down to the wishin' well
She got a rainbow that touches her shoulder
Didn't you? Didn't you?
And you're beautiful babe, don't never shave
As long as I remember, bills have looked me in the eye
Ah, ha ha! Uh, uh!
 dream
Satisfaction guaranteed
They want big fat money
She's the woman sing it
Love once?
The jury 
All the bills are paid, I got it made in the shade
Right now
Run, run, run away
I'll get her!
Well, they gotcha goin' in, they gotcha comin' out
Oh oh oh oh Yeah, you can feel it
Turn this thing around
Are two comedians
Ooh, oh baby!
 As Is"
Late last night
Better save the women and children first. Yes, ah
Gimme some o' that
Wanting their piece of the pie
Keep that in mind when we say goodbye
Ooh! And I'm alone, I'm on the highway
Here i are!
They may talk about you cold when you were
Some of us still do
Maybe that's better
And the beards have all grown longer overnight I'll tip my hat to the new
You and I, we're gonna feel this thing together
Ahh Care or even, why should I try?
Ah, Text me baby!
Go see baby now! Ah, ha-ha!
I feel you breathin'
They don't understand how it can be
We celebrate when the gang's all here
Ready for the town
Uh-ah uh-ho ho-ow!
Great is the forest, set by a small flame
Hey, never's good for me
I like....
Yesterday, I saw my love light shine
You got me so I can't sleep at 
How else am I to know, that all the while
You see I'm beggin' you please
And livin' in harmony
Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
good man
Next year I'll head out for the coast
 my television, almost lost my mind
get free
You get a fast crash course
They break your heart so damn easy
Get-get-get-get-get out and push Oh-whee
But maybe I just will
Spread that butter on my biscuit honey to my melon
I love 'em! I need 'em!
Require's a degree of acceptance
Me Wise Magic
And somebody else's rules
And now we're wastin' time Ow! Now we're wastin' time
When my axe cuts me deep, I let it bleed
All in all my aim is better
Then I don't care where I'm goin'
Stay frostiest the most.
Better 
A moment in time
he said, "You're messin' with the mayor's daughter."
Pumping it up, pumping it up
It's just something you feel together
We're flat stone cold lied to
Why you leavin' me again?
You never can say
Just like I told you before. Yeah, before
Set me loose
Ooh Well just a-hang your love line in her direction. Whoa
I can drive
So clear your head, find a way home
Bumper sticker on my rocket's ass
Feeling sick
Once present, can't ever be past
As I ride your sonic, ooh-wave
Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
That's when push come to shove
but lessons are so cold
It's just somethin' you feel together
Hot sweet sticky
The future ain't what it used to be
Let's take a walk down Easy Street
Hey! It'll last forever
She don't work for free
 that lady go
Wind at my back,
I'm all conditioned, what I say
I told her "Never in hell, no special reason"
Kabbalah
And you grab one
Everytime you make it
Ah! Baby please, can't take it anymore
Your's very truly'
Oh, you're talkin' bout your leavin'
And now everybody wanna go. Woo!
I made up my mind, yes
Turn your clock back
Some Casablanca gin joint
Uh uh uhuh. In n' out. Woo!
Same amount, woo!
I wanna know why can't this
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Don't touch me there, okay? Just don't do that, okay?
I travel far across the milky way
But all of your addictions
Spread your wings and 
She's good enough
Pretty woman, talk awhile
That's if accidental angels
And I'm try'n to conform to other's ideas
Come on baby show your love
Dance baby!
Panama, Panama oh-oh-oh-oh
Only deeper year after year
And when her sleepy eyes
I don't belong to any race
To be done down by the crossroads
This ain't never been new, babe, child. Ow!
A year to the day
Unchained!
Yeah you, you know that nothing lasts forever
No way to 
speaks
She's a no limits
We got heaven right here on Earth
Baby please, yeah!
My advice is free.
El presidente
You're no good, no good, no good
All the words on the wall look the same in the 
Every minute counts and you play both sides of the law
And you're the one I want the one I want
I brought my pencil
Wanna play some love with them human toys
I need a change, I need it quick
We'll have our cake and eat it too
You can always tell the 
Anyway, if I make 'em, I'll solve 'em
Jimmy on the television
Josephina, if I asked you, would you tell me?
You a desperate woman, need a man with a gun
From new york city to east L.A.
I just wanna feel like it's mine all mine
Ah, yeah-ah!
Why don't you come with me
But do i love you?
She said
Trust in Allah
I will call for you
A little lovin'
What does that make you?
I know you believe in me
Baby, you're no good. Whoa oh-ooh
It's a spank line. Yeah! oh! Ow
Uh-ah uh-ho ho. Lemme hold that
There must be some kind of way
Crank up the drums, crank out the bass
Somethin' special, gimme someone new
Ah-ah Hot summer nights, you're my time of the year-ow!
Every body needs a friend one friend,
Don't say, don't say, don't say, don't say...
And I ain't cryin' about the love I been payin' for
Mousewife to momshell in the time it took to get that new tattoo
An' I'll be whippin' in your window
Crank up my Les Paul in your face
One more crazy night
I know the difference
Ya know, your sugar daddy
Pretty woman, won't you pardon me?
 on. Hold on, I'm runnin'! Ah, yeah!
Somebody get me a doctor
Look out your window
Come on, Ah every guy, grab your girl, everywhere, 'round the world
Woman with the way you do
Ah come on baby Dance the night away Hey, hey yeah!
Purple mountain's majesty show me you, I'll show you me
Ain't gonna dust no broom
You're on a Big train
Now it's getting harder to ignore me
And then something crazy happens
 baby. Ssss, ooh, ow, ah, uh
 I'll never learn
Big Bad Bill is Sweet William now Moppin' up that floor!
If you could see
Put it off, put it off, until Judgement Day
puzzle
To love somebody foolishly Can happen once
 was rough and tough he would strut his stuff
Better save the women and children first
I don't wanna hear about that, no-ay!
Just like I told you before! Before! Uh, before! Uh, before! Before!
A Buddhist riff
When was it?
Just like the army
Dream another dream
You often wonder
Right now catch that magic moment
gallery
You'll be brownin' your Bermudas
Hey! Hey, hey! Wait a minute, wait a min... Oh!
Ha-yeah!
The assurance only hope can bring
Trouble-free Earth despocrats made
And so an early age he hits the street
Now I ain't sayin' that I'm never gonna beg you
An' I say rock on. Oh, say, rock on
Rudder of ship, which sets the course
So honey cut to the 
And the river runs a little too deep
Don't you waste my time my time, my time
Burnin' up the town
I don't wanna hear about it later Do what I want to you
Uh! The harder the better
Go on, set 'em up, up
"Same as 
But careful with those feet.
 Dave, but for you it's free."
Is my old blue jeans
'Cause I only tie you up
recipe
Ask him a question
You have to hear me say
Oh-ow!
Ha-ha-ha! Yeh-hey
Below the belt
Pretty soon you just might
President went to Congress, here's what he said:
Here i come-
Can't forget the Motor City Dancin' in the streets
Except for, for a subtle 
Well are you prepared for your very last breath?
Sucker in a 3 piece
Your storms and lullablies
Oh, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
'Cause you know, I wanna be
Just trade in one for another
Oh baby, come on
Would you rather 
Straight through my eyes
Miss a beat, you lose a rhythm
No middleman. No 
Catch a wave
Aw! Girl Say. Say. Uh!
She givin' me the runaround, yeah. Ow! Round round round round
The more I look, my world keeps gettin' smaller
 it, watch it!
Tried to tell you babe
Then lend me your ear
'Cause she's good enough, good enough ta
Hey hey hey hey!
Now baby, let me fill you up inside Up inside
I will show you all around
Been up and down and over and out and I know one thing:
Love comes walkin' in, yeah!
She's so fine
and you're runnin'
Goin' wide Oooh
Is not enough, it's not enough
Crop is gone, left only chaff
I'm talkin' good times (yessir)
Swim away baby!
Talkin' lethal fantasy
Seems no one's talkin' 'bout the crazy days gone past
Ain't got no money, got no house on the hill
Ready, set, go!
You got to give more than you take
But never alone with you
Ow, yeah! Uh!
N' she knew better
Uncomfortable in the realm of the political
Smokin' mountain got to blow
The way I want to now
Get your feet back on the ground
Feel like throwin' in the towel?
Uh! Sure feels good, wow! Uh!
Mistress of the coming flood.
You ain't going home tonight.
I want the best of both worlds
N' she made the mountains sing
Let me hear ya!
Teach you your final love 
The time of your life,
'Cause I've got more bad habits than anyone
You put your heart on the line.
Baby, you're no good. Oooh yeah
I still feel it
How 'bout you?
 the tide roll in
Well, then let it show
Slipped a little off your pace. Oh!
Help me
Their 19th Nervous Breakdown
Jump back, what's that sound?
Earth returns to what it was before
They'll run you til you d-d-d-drop
Oh, this dream is over
I drive just like you!
And I don't think the devil's
Big train time gets movin'
Been tokin'...been sippin'
The ballot or the bullet
Don't wanna break her in half
Fore Ahh-ahh-ahh patience runs her course?
That they worship will be gone and the men who spurred us on sit in judgement
The camera rolls, she's willing
And I can't Ooo-ooo-ooo stop lovin' you
Might as well jump. Jump!
Now you feel like i'm wasting your time,
This is Mean Street Lord, strike that poor boy down!
Well this must be my favourite chorus
Sure seem like a mighty long time
Don't you dare start what you cannot finish
Sleep on the couch instead
And then say I love you, but aren't willing to show
Throw your headphones on
One, two, three, four
Nothin' lost, so tell me how can I lose? Ha